Invalid color template {0}
Enter the admin password for maintenance.
Kernel Error while booting: {0}
DOUBLE PANIC: Reboot Time exceeds maximum allowed {0} error reboot time. You found a kernel bug.
[{0}] panic: Reboot enabled due to error level being {0}.
[{0}] panic: Time to reboot: {1} seconds, exceeds 1 hour. It is set to 1 minute.
DOUBLE PANIC: Error Type {0} invalid.
[{0}] panic: {1} -- Press any key to shutdown.
[{0}] panic: {1} -- Rebooting in {2} seconds...
DOUBLE PANIC: Kernel bug: {0}
Shutting down...
Rebooting...
Error {0}: {1}
Username: 
Spaces are not allowed.
Special characters are not allowed.
{0}'s password: 
Wrong password.
Error trying to parse placeholders. {0}
Error trying to add username.
usrmgr: Creating username {0}...
User {0} not found.
User {0} isn't allowed to be removed.
User {0} is already logged in. Log-out and log-in as another admin.
User {0} removed.
Error trying to remove username.
The requested screensaver {0} is not found.
{0} is set to default screensaver.
Screensaver {0} not found in database. Check the name and try again.
Mod can't be loaded because of the following: 
{0} v{1} started
No definition for command {0}.
Command defined by 
Username for {0}: 
Password for {0}: 
Connected to {0}
Error when trying to connect to {0}: {1}
Local directory {0} doesn't exist.
Enter a local directory. ".." to go back.
Directory {0} not found.
Enter a remote directory. ".." to go back
Local directory: {0}
Remote directory: {0}
Downloading file {0}...
Downloaded file {0}.
Uploading file {0}...
Uploaded file {0}
Gets current local directory
Gets current remote directory
Changes local directory to download to or upload from
Changes remote directory to download from or upload to
Deletes remote file from server
Downloads remote file to local directory using binary or text
Lists local directory
Lists remote directory
Uploads local file to remote directory using binary or text
Alias can't be the same name as a command.
Command not found to alias to {0}.
Alias {0} is not found to be removed.
Directory {0} not found
Blank host name.
Changing from: {0} to {1}...
Blank message of the day.
Blank MAL After Login.
Wrong user password.
Passwords don't match.
Username has been changed to {0}!
The new name you entered is already found.
{0} is not found.
Configuration reloaded. You might need to reboot the kernel for some changes to take effect.
One or more of the colors is invalid.
Screensaver {0} not found.
Error trying to execute command
Changes directory
Changes password for current user
Clears the screen
Use an FTP shell to interact with servers
Help page
List file/folder contents in current folder
Locks your screen with a password
Logs you out
Creates a directory
Reloads configuration file that is edited.
Saves your screen from burn outs
Sets up kernel screensavers
Shows date and time
Shows date and time in zones
The kernel will be shut down
Usage:
There was an error in the shell.
You don't have permission to use {0}
Shell message: The requested command {0} is not allowed to run in maintenance mode.
Shell message: The requested command {0} is not found. See 'help' for available commands.
Error trying to execute command.
- Time of {0}: {1}
Running on {0}
You are not authorized to get info for {0}.
This command is obsolete and will be removed in a future release.
You are not authorized to change password of {0} because the target was an admin.
Deletes everything in debug log
Invalid language
Welcome to Kernel!
Download has completed.
Download failed in try {0}: {1}
Please use "ftp" if you are going to download files from the FTP server.
Downloads a file to current working directory
Disconnect a debug device
Lists debugging devices connected
Device {0} disconnected.
Debug listening on all addresses using port {0}.
Alias already found: {0}
Debug log removed. All connected debugging devices may still view messages.
Debug log removal failed: {0}
Changing directory has failed: {0}
Specify the address
Timezone is specified incorrectly.
Trying to connect to {0} with profile {1}...
Parsing mods not allowed on safe mode.
The path is neither a file nor a directory.
Creates another copy of a file under different directory or name.
Match {0} ({1}): {2}
Match {0}: {1}
Time spent: {0} milliseconds
Name: {0}
Calculates file sums.
Invalid encryption algorithm.
Enables or disables remote debugging.
See if you can solve mathematical equations on time
Solved perfectly!
Solved incorrectly.
RPC is already running.
RPC listening on all addresses using port {0}.
Starting RPC...
Connects to an SSH server.
Enter the password for {0}: 
SSH Disconnected.
Debugging not enabled.
Shows all received notifications
Dismisses a notification
Notification dismissed successfully.
Remotely executes a command to remote PC
Invalid type {0}.
Size: {0}
Directory {0} already exists.
Error when trying to connect to {0}: Connection timeout or lost connection
Calculator to calculate expressions.
Error in calculation.
System update
Checking for system updates...
Found new version: 
You can download it at: 
No recent notifications
Searches for specified string in the provided file
Calculates sums of files in specified directory.
Enter username or mail address: 
Enter password: 
Error while connecting to {0}: {1}
Connecting to {0}...
Authenticating...
Downloads messages and lists them
Opens a message
Page is not a numeric value.
Message number may not be negative or zero.
Message number is not a numeric value.
- From {0}
- To {0}
- Sent at {0} in {1}
Message specified is not found.
Remote debug failed to start: {0}
Preparing profiles... It could take several minutes...
Error trying to execute script: {0}
Writes text into the console
Makes user choices
where <answers> are one-lettered answers of the question separated in slashes
Error trying to connect to SSH server: {0}
Allows user to enter input
Changes current mail directory
Unable to open mail folder {0}: {1}
Lists directories in your mail address
During certificate validation, there are certificate errors. It might be the first time you've connected to the server or the certificate might have been expired. Here's an error:
Are you sure that you want to connect?
Invalid answer. Please try again.
Enter IMAP server address and port (<address> or <address>:[port]): 
Enter SMTP server address and port (<address> or <address>:[port]): 
Sends a message to an address
Enter recipient mail address:
Enter the subject:
Enter your message below. Write "EOF" to confirm.
Sending message...
Message sent.
Invalid e-mail address. Make sure you've written the address correctly and that it matches the format of the example shown:
Removes a message
Removes all messages from recipient
Message {0} from {1} deleted from {2}. {3} messages remaining to parse.
Message {0} from {1} deleted from inbox. {2} messages remaining to parse.
Makes a new file
File already exists.
Error trying to create a file: {0}
Failed to open file. Exiting shell...
Prints the contents of the file with line numbers to the console
Adds a new line with text at the end of the file
Removes the specified line number
Replaces a word or phrase with another one
Deletes a word or phrase from line number
Deletes a character from character number in specified line
Removed line.
Specified line number {0} is not a valid number.
Running in safe mode. Skipping stage...
>> Your address is {0}.
>> Your name is {0}.
Index {0} invalid. There are {1} stack traces. Index is zero-based, so try subtracting by 1.
No stack trace
Shows last stack trace on exception
Shows current username in the session
Unblock a debug device by IP address
Block a debug device by IP address
{0} can now join remote debug again.
{0} is not blocked yet.
Error loading settings
There is an error while loading settings. You may need to check the settings file.
Exit
Specified option {0} is invalid.
The answer must be numeric.
Check for Updates on Startup
Quiet Probe
Show MOTD on Log-in
Clear Screen on Log-in
Simplified Help Command
Debug Port
Download Retry Times
Log FTP username
Log FTP IP address
Return only first FTP profile
Size parse mode
Marquee on startup
Long Time and Date
Show Hidden Files
Go Back...
Write a remote debugger port. It must be numeric, and must not be already used. Otherwise, remote debugger will fail to open the port.
Write how many times the "get" command should retry failed downloads. It must be numeric.
The answer may not be negative.
Changes kernel configuration
Text shown
Write any text you want shown. Shorter is better.
Failed to upload {0}
Adds users
Adds aliases to commands
Changes host name
Changes MAL, the MOTD After Login
Changes MOTD, the Message Of The Day
Changes user name
Manage permissions for users
Removes a user from the list
Removed alias {0} successfully.
Failed to check for updates.
There are no more users remaining in the list.
Error trying to dismiss notification.
usrmgr: Failed to create username {0}: {1}
Failed to rename user. {0}
User not found
Failed to change password of username: {0}
Unable to find file to match string "{0}": {1}
Download failed for file {0}.
Failed to list remote files: {0}
Deleting {0}...
{0} is not found in the server.
All mail made by {0} are removed successfully.
Failed to remove all mail made by {0}.
Error sending message.
Moving {0} to {1}...
Moved successfully
Moves file or directory to another file or directory. You can also use that to rename files.
Failed to move {0} to {1}.
Copying {0} to {1}...
Copied successfully
Copies file or directory to another file or directory.
Failed to copy {0} to {1}.
Moves a message
Moves all messages from recipient
All mail made by {0} are moved successfully.
Failed to move all mail made by {0}.
Message {0} from {1} moved from {2}. {3} messages remaining to parse.
Shows weather info for specified city. Uses OpenWeatherMap.
-- Weather info for {0} --
Weather: {0}
Pressure: {0}
Humidity: {0}
You can get your own API key at https://home.openweathermap.org/api_keys.
Preferred Unit for Temperature
Each startup, it will check for updates.
Keep hardware probing messages silent.
Show Message of the Day before displaying login screen.
Clear screen before displaying login screen.
Shows available users if enabled.
Simplified help command for all the shells
Whether or not to log FTP username.
Whether or not to log FTP IP address.
Pick the first profile only when connecting.
If enabled, the kernel will parse the whole folder for its total size. Else, will only parse the surface.
Enables eyecandy on startup
The time and date will be longer, showing full month names, etc.
Shows hidden files.
Mod {0} stopped
{0} v{1} stopped
You must turn on debug mode before you can clear debug log.
{0} new messages arrived in inbox.
Open "mail" to see them.
Removes a directory or a file
Can't remove {0} because it doesn't exist.
Provides information about a file
Provides information about a directory
Can't get information about nonexistent directory.
Can't get information about nonexistent file.
Full name: {0}
Creation time: {0}
Last access time: {0}
Last write time: {0}
Attributes: {0}
Parent directory: {0}
Where to find: {0}
File size: {0}
Changes attribute of a file
File not found.
where <attributes> is one of the following:
The file is a normal file
The file is a read-only file
The file is a hidden file
The file is an archive. Used for backups.
Attribute "{0}" is invalid.
Attribute has been added successfully.
Attribute has been removed successfully.
Failed to add attribute.
Failed to remove attribute.
Replaces a word or phrase with another one in a line
Activate true colors
Failed to unblock {0}.
{0} is already blocked.
{0} can't join remote debug now.
Failed to block {0}.
Cycle colors
Disco will cycle colors when enabled. Otherwise, select random colors.
Enter file paths to attachments. Press ENTER on a blank path to confirm.
Opens an encrypted message
Write password for key ID {0}
Sends an encrypted message to an address
Downloading from {0}...
Show progress bar while downloading or uploading from "get" or "put" command
If true, it makes "get" or "put" show the progress bar while downloading or uploading.
Uploads a file to specified website
Pings an address
Uploading {0} to {1}...
Upload has completed.
Please use "ftp" if you are going to upload files to the FTP server.
Upload failed in try {0}: {1}
Write how many times the "put" command should retry failed uploads. It must be numeric.
Address may not be empty.
Failed to ping {0}: {1}
Ping succeeded in {0} ms.
The specified line number may not be larger than the last file line number.
Feels like: {0}
Temperature: {0}
Wind speed: {0}
Wind direction: {0}
Press any key to go back.
Unable to create mail folder {0}: {1}
Makes a directory in the current working directory
Removes a directory from the current working directory
Mail folder {0} not found.
Unable to delete mail folder {0}: {1}
{0}, Created in {1} {2}, Modified in {3} {4}
Verifies sanity of the file
Hashes are malformed.
Hashes don't match.
Hashes match.
Renames a folder
Opens a test shell
Failed to start "{0}": {1}
Show mail message preview
When listing mail messages, show body preview.
Background color
Clears the text file
Exits the text editor
Queries a character in a specified line or all lines
Checking for updates is disabled because you're running a development version.
Turns on or off the text editor autosave feature.
If autosave is enabled, the text file will be saved for each "n" seconds.
Enable text editor autosave
Text editor autosave interval
Saves the file
Record chat to debug log
Records remote debug chat to debug log.
Delay in Milliseconds
How many milliseconds to wait before making the next write?
Lets you use an SSH FTP server
No help for command "{0}".
Color of Seconds Bar
Color of Minutes Bar
Color of Hours Bar
Color of Information
Ticks to change color
If color cycling is enabled, how many ticks before changing colors in ProgressClock? 1 tick = 0.5 seconds
ProgressClock will select random colors if it's enabled. Otherwise, use colors from config.
Makes a new theme
Making a new theme "{0}".
Save Theme to Current Directory
Save Theme to Another Directory...
Prints hardware information
Processor name:
Partition size:
Device already exists.
No such device.
Prints content of file to console
Entry already exists.
Wraps the console output
The command is not wrappable. These commands are wrappable:
Extracts a ZIP archive
Creates a ZIP archive
Failed to finalize mod {0}: {1}
Lists all fired events
Current Directory
Sets the shell's current directory. Write an absolute path to any existing directory.
Ping!
{0} pinged you.
Save Theme to Current Directory as...
Save Theme to Another Directory as...
Specify theme name:
Load Theme From Prebuilt Themes...
Specify theme file name wihout the .json extension:
Lists all files inside the archive
Extracts a file to a specified directory or a current directory
Changes archive directory
Directory {0} doesn't exist
Archive directory {0} doesn't exist
Max Positions Count
How many positions are lit before dimming?
Connects to an SSH server to execute a command.
Sets a variable to a value in a script
There was an error in the FTP shell:
There was an error in the SFTP shell:
Show SSH banner
Shows the SSH server banner on connection.
How do you want to authenticate?
Private key file
Password
Enter the passphrase for key {0}: 
Neutralized a non-existent path.
Key file {0} doesn't exist.
Error trying to add private key:
General commands:
Mod commands:
Alias commands:
Maintenance Mode
Lookup Directories
No mod commands.
No alias commands.
The wrappable command is not found.
Queries a word in a specified line or all lines
{0} of {1} downloaded.
Tests translating a string that exists in resources to specific language
Prints a string to console and parses the placeholders found
Tests the regular expression facility
Tests the VT sequence for 255 colors
Tests the VT sequence for true color
Sends a notification to test the receiver
Lists all supported codepages
Tests probing the hardware
Tests the list writer with the string and string array
Tests the list writer with the integer and integer array
Tests the list writer with the char and char array
Normal string list:
Array string list:
Normal integer list:
Array integer list:
Normal char list:
Array char list:
Enable RPC
RPC Port
Whether or not to enable RPC.
Write an RPC port. It must be numeric, and must not be already used. Otherwise, RPC will fail to open the port.
Not starting RPC because it's disabled.
Lists supported cultures
Searches for specified string in the provided file using regular expressions
See if you can press a key on time
User didn't provide any input in a timely fashion.
Character not pressed on time.
You've pressed the right character!
You've pressed the wrong character.
Press ESC to exit.
Gets the date and time information
Milliseconds:
Seconds:
Minutes:
Hours:
Days:
Months:
Year:
Day of Year:
Day of Week:
Binary:
Local Time:
Universal Time:
Unix Time:
Failed to parse date information for
Ensure that the format is correct.
Date:
Time:
Sets file permissions. This is supported only on FTP servers that run Unix.
Sets the type for this session
Failed to set permissions of {0} to {1}.
Permissions set successfully for file
Data type set to ASCII!
Data type set to Binary!
Invalid data type.
Beware that most files won't download or upload properly using this mode, so we highly recommend using the Binary mode on most situations.
Trying to send an RPC command while RPC didn't start.
Fade Out Delay in Milliseconds
Max Fade Steps
How many milliseconds to wait before fading out text?
How many fade steps to do?
Opens an RSS shell to read the feeds
Lists all feeds
Reads a feed in a web browser
Gets the article info
Article number couldn't be bigger than the available articles.
Title:
Link:
Gets the feed info
Description:
Feed type:
Number of articles:
Article doesn't have a link!
Failed to make a list of filesystem entries for directory
Filesystem sort mode
Filesystem sort direction
Controls how the files will be sorted.
Controls the direction of filesystem sorting whether it's ascending or descending.
Write Again Delay in Milliseconds
How many milliseconds to wait before writing text again?
Write any text you want shown. Longer is better.
Minimum writing speed in WPM
Maximum writing speed in WPM
Probability of typo in percent
Wipes to change direction
How many wipes to do before changing direction randomly?
Stage finished in
Internal initialization finished in
Starting mod
Mod version:
Mod {0} not found.
The text editor hasn't opened a file stream yet.
String replaced.
One or both of the numbers are not numeric.
Word deleted.
Character deleted.
Welcome to Settings!
Error executing SSH command
Error on SSH shell
Tests the dictionary writer with the string and string array
Tests the dictionary writer with the char and char array
Tests the dictionary writer with the integer and integer array
Normal string dictionary:
Array string dictionary:
Normal integer dictionary:
Array integer dictionary:
Normal char dictionary:
Array char dictionary:
Show progress on filesystem operations
Shows what file is being processed during the filesystem operations
Either the hardware type {0} is not probed, or is not valid.
Always centered
Write any text you want shown.
Whether the text shown on the marquee is always centered.
Screensaver experienced an error while displaying: {0}. Press any key to exit.
Preview...
Here's how your theme will look like:
Wrappable commands:
Use Console API
Whether to use the Console API to clear text or to use the faster line clearing VT sequence. If False, Marquee will use the appropriate VT sequence. Otherwise, it will use the probably slower Console API.
Opening URL... Make sure to follow the steps shown on the screen.
Mod name:
Mod file name:
Mod file path:
Folder is empty.
Verbose Probe
Make hardware probing messages a bit talkative.
Beautifies the JSON file
Use Beats Per Minute
Whether to use the Beats Per Minute unit to write the next color.
Delay in Beats Per Minute
How many beats per minute to wait before making the next write?
BeatFader will select random colors if it's enabled. Otherwise, use colors from config.
Custom Startup Banner
Downloads remote folder to local directory using binary or text
Uploads local folder to remote directory using binary or text
Downloading folder {0}...
Downloaded folder {0}.
Download failed for folder {0}.
Uploading folder {0}...
Uploaded folder {0}
Minifies the JSON file
New Screen Delay in Milliseconds
Column Count
Line Fill Threshold
Line Fill Capping Probability in percent
Line Fill Type
How many milliseconds to wait before writing the text in the new screen again?
The text columns to be printed.
How many characters to write before triggering the "line fill"?
Possibility that the line fill pattern will be printed in all caps in percent
The answer may not be zero.
The answer may not exceed the entries shown.
Manage your mods
Mod management is disabled in safe mode.
Invalid command {0}. Check the usage below:
Mod not found or file has invalid characters.
Probability of miss in percent
Enable screensaver debugging
Enables debugging for screensavers. Please note that it may quickly fill the debug log and slightly slow the screensaver down, depending on the screensaver used. Only works if kernel debugging is enabled for diagnostic purposes.
The manual page {0} is invalid.
Consider filling this manual page.
Available kernel arguments:
Unrecoverable error in argument:
Encrypts a string using SHA512
Encrypts a string using SHA384
Encrypts a string using SHA256
Encrypts a string using SHA1
Encrypts a string using MD5
Stopping mods not allowed on safe mode.
Mod has already been started!
Mod hasn't started yet!
Error when trying to start screensaver:
Invalid kernel path type.
Previous boot failed
The JSON editor hasn't opened a file stream yet.
Exits the JSON shell without saving the changes
Saves the JSON file
Prints the JSON file
Next ramp interval
How many milliseconds to wait before filling in the next ramp?
Draw notification border
Covers the notification with the border.
Contact the vendor of the mod to upgrade the mod to the compatible version.
Sends a progress notification to test the receiver
Shows local kernel time
Shows local kernel date
Shows local kernel date and time
Shows UTC kernel time
Shows UTC kernel date
Shows UTC kernel date and time
Which file is the MOTD text file? Write an absolute path to the text file.
Which file is the MAL text file? Write an absolute path to the text file.
Blacklisted mods
Write the filenames of the mods that will not run on startup. When you're finished, write "q". Write a minus sign next to the path to remove an existing mod.
Mod {0} is blacklisted.
Show app information during boot
Show stage finish times
Start kernel modifications on boot
Show current time before login
Notify for any fault during boot
Shows brief information about the application on boot.
Shows how much time did the kernel take to finish a stage.
Automatically start the kernel modifications on boot.
Shows the current time, time zone, and date before logging in.
If there is a minor fault during kernel boot, notifies the user about it.
Username prompt style
Password prompt style
Write how you want your login prompt to be. Leave blank to use default style. Placeholders are parsed.
Write how you want your password prompt to be. Leave blank to use default style. Placeholders are parsed.
Shows Message of the Day after displaying login screen.
Show file details in list
Shows the brief file details while listing files
Show file details in FTP list
Username prompt style for FTP
Password prompt style for FTP
Use first FTP profile
Add new connections to FTP speed dial
Try to validate secure FTP certificates
Show FTP MOTD on connection
Always accept invalid FTP certificates
Shows the FTP file details while listing remote directories.
Uses the first FTP profile to connect to FTP.
If enabled, adds a new connection to the FTP speed dial.
Tries to validate the FTP certificates. Turning it off is not recommended.
Shows the FTP message of the day on login.
Always accept invalid FTP certificates. Turning it on is not recommended as it may pose security risks.
Username prompt style for mail
Password prompt style for mail
IMAP prompt style for mail
SMTP prompt style for mail
Automatically detect mail server
Enable mail debug
Notify for new mail messages
GPG password prompt style for mail
Send IMAP ping interval
Send SMTP ping interval
Mail text format
Write how you want your IMAP server prompt to be. Leave blank to use default style. Placeholders are parsed.
Write how you want your SMTP server prompt to be. Leave blank to use default style. Placeholders are parsed.
Automatically detect the mail server based on the given address.
Enables mail server debug.
Notifies you for any new mail messages.
Write how you want your GPG password prompt to be. Leave blank to use default style. Placeholders are parsed.
How many milliseconds to send the IMAP ping?
How many milliseconds to send the SMTP ping?
Controls how the mail text will be shown.
Automatically start remote debug on startup
Remote debug message format
If you want remote debug to start on boot, enable this.
Specifies the remote debug message format. {0} for name, {1} for message.
RSS feed URL prompt style
Auto refresh RSS feed
Auto refresh RSS feed interval
Write how you want your RSS feed server prompt to be. Leave blank to use default style. Placeholders are parsed.
How many milliseconds to refresh the RSS feed?
Show file details in SFTP list
Username prompt style for SFTP
Add new connections to SFTP speed dial
Shows the SFTP file details while listing remote directories.
If enabled, adds a new connection to the SFTP speed dial.
Ping timeout
Download percentage text
Upload percentage text
How many milliseconds to wait before declaring timeout?
Write how you want your upload percentage text to be. Leave blank to use default style. Placeholders are parsed. {0} for uploaded size, {1} for target size, {2} for percentage.
Write how you want your download percentage text to be. Leave blank to use default style. Placeholders are parsed. {0} for downloaded size, {1} for target size, {2} for percentage.
Ask for password after locking
After locking the screen, ask for password
Minimum red color level
Minimum green color level
Minimum blue color level
Minimum color level
Maximum red color level
Maximum green color level
Maximum blue color level
Maximum color level
Minimum red color level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255.
Minimum green color level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255.
Minimum blue color level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255.
Minimum color level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255 for 255 colors or 16 for 16 colors.
Maximum red color level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255.
Maximum green color level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255.
Maximum blue color level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255.
Maximum color level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255 for 255 colors or 16 for 16 colors.
Foreground color
Line character
A character to form a line. Be sure to only input one character.
Upper left corner character for hours bar
Upper left corner character for minutes bar
Upper left corner character for seconds bar
Upper right corner character for hours bar
Upper right corner character for minutes bar
Upper right corner character for seconds bar
Lower left corner character for hours bar
Lower left corner character for minutes bar
Lower left corner character for seconds bar
Lower right corner character for hours bar
Lower right corner character for minutes bar
Lower right corner character for seconds bar
Upper frame character for hours bar
Upper frame character for minutes bar
Upper frame character for seconds bar
Lower frame character for hours bar
Lower frame character for minutes bar
Lower frame character for seconds bar
Left frame character for hours bar
Left frame character for minutes bar
Left frame character for seconds bar
Right frame character for hours bar
Right frame character for minutes bar
Right frame character for seconds bar
Information text for hours
Information text for minutes
Information text for seconds
Minimum red color level for hours
Minimum green color level for hours
Minimum blue color level for hours
Minimum color level for hours
Maximum red color level for hours
Maximum green color level for hours
Maximum blue color level for hours
Maximum color level for hours
Minimum red color level for minutes
Minimum green color level for minutes
Minimum blue color level for minutes
Minimum color level for minutes
Maximum red color level for minutes
Maximum green color level for minutes
Maximum blue color level for minutes
Maximum color level for minutes
Minimum red color level for seconds
Minimum green color level for seconds
Minimum blue color level for seconds
Minimum color level for seconds
Maximum red color level for seconds
Maximum green color level for seconds
Maximum blue color level for seconds
Maximum color level for seconds
A character that resembles the upper left corner. Be sure to only input one character.
A character that resembles the lower left corner. Be sure to only input one character.
A character that resembles the upper frame. Be sure to only input one character.
A character that resembles the lower frame. Be sure to only input one character.
A character that resembles the left frame. Be sure to only input one character.
A character that resembles the right frame. Be sure to only input one character.
Write how your information text for the current hour shows. {0} for current hour out of 24 hours.
Write how your information text for the current minute shows. {0} for current minute out of 60 minutes.
Write how your information text for the current second shows. {0} for current second out of 60 seconds.
Text color
Upper left corner character for ramp bar
Upper right corner character for ramp bar
Lower left corner character for ramp bar
Lower right corner character for ramp bar
Upper frame character for ramp bar
Lower frame character for ramp bar
Left frame character for ramp bar
Right frame character for ramp bar
Minimum red color level for start color
Minimum green color level for start color
Minimum blue color level for start color
Minimum color level for start color
Maximum red color level for start color
Maximum green color level for start color
Maximum blue color level for start color
Maximum color level for start color
Minimum red color level for end color
Minimum green color level for end color
Minimum blue color level for end color
Minimum color level for end color
Maximum red color level for end color
Maximum green color level for end color
Maximum blue color level for end color
Maximum color level for end color
Solver minimum number
Solver maximum number
Solver show input
Upper left corner character for notification border
Upper right corner character for notification border
Lower left corner character for notification border
Lower right corner character for notification border
Upper frame character for notification border
Lower frame character for notification border
Left frame character for notification border
Right frame character for notification border
Whether to show what's written in the input prompt.
What is the minimum number to choose?
What is the maximum number to choose?
If specified, it will display customized startup banner with placeholder support. You can use {0} for kernel version.
Activates the true color support.
Word deleted in line {0}.
String replaced in line {0}.
Removed line number {0}.
Suppress unauthorized messages
Hides the annoying message if the listing function tries to open an unauthorized folder
FTP server information
Server address:
Server port:
Server type:
Server system type:
Server encryption mode:
Server data connection type:
Server system:
Server download data type:
Server upload data type:
Enter a remote file to be hashed.
Enter a remote directory.
Recursive hashing for FTP
Whether to recursively hash a directory. Please note that not all the FTP servers support that.
Processor clock speed:
Total number of processors:
Disk size:
Total memory:
Graphics card:
If you're sure that you've opened the right section, check this message out:
Executes an FTP server command
Encrypts a string using CRC32
of mail transferred...
Tests the table functionality
Edits the specified line
Adds the new lines at the end of the file
Enter the text that you want to append to the end of the file. When you're done, write "EOF" on its own line.
Host Name
Username
Data Type
Encoding
Encryption
Protocols
Show mail transfer progress
Mail transfer progress
Mail transfer progress (single)
If enabled, the mail shell will show how many bytes transmitted when downloading mail.
Write how you want your mail transfer progress style to be. Leave blank to use default style. Placeholders are parsed. {0} for transferred size and {1} for total size.
Write how you want your mail transfer progress style to be. Leave blank to use default style. Placeholders are parsed. {0} for transferred size.
Mod file is not specified.
Trying to install an already-installed mod. Updating mod...
Installation failed for
The mod file provided is incompatible.
Uninstallation failed for
Print line numbers on printing file contents
Dismisses all notifications
Downloading...
Uploading...
Show notification for download progress
Show notification for upload progress
Shows the notification showing the download progress.
Shows the notification showing the upload progress.
Checks to see if the translatable string exists in the KS resources
String found in the localization resources.
String not found in the localization resources.
Starts the kernel quietly
Starts the kernel in safe mode, disabling all mods
Like safe mode, but also disables multi-user and some customization
There was not enough arguments.
Upper left corner color for ramp bar
Upper right corner color for ramp bar
Lower left corner color for ramp bar
Lower right corner color for ramp bar
Upper frame color for ramp bar
Lower frame color for ramp bar
Left frame color for ramp bar
Right frame color for ramp bar
Use border colors for ramp bar
Use the border colors for the ramp bar. If disabled, will generate a grey bar.
Starts the HTTP shell
Gets the response from the HTTP server using the specified request
Deletes content from HTTP server
There was an error in the HTTP shell:
Gets the string from the HTTP server using the specified request
Getting {0}...
Colors don't require a restart, but most of the settings require a restart.
No help for argument "{0}".
Default difficulty for SpeedPress
Keypress timeout for SpeedPress
How many milliseconds to wait for the keypress before the timeout? (In custom difficulty)
Replaces a word or phrase with another one using regular expressions
Replaces a word or phrase with another one in a line using regular expressions
Queries a word in a specified line or all lines using regular expressions
Write what do you want to search for.
Nothing is found. Make sure that you've written the setting correctly.
Packs a local file to the archive
Can't pack nothing.
For more information about the terms and conditions of using this software, visit
Default choice output type
Checks all the KS settings to see if the variables are written correctly
File {0} not found
Creates a variable array with the provided values
Checks all the localization text line numbers to see if they're all equal
Line mismatch in
Include anonymous users
Include disabled users
Includes the anonymous users in the list
Includes the disabled users in the list
Sort the list
Sorts the filesystem list professionally.
Provides a selection choice
Shell commands not implemented!!!
Show latest RSS headline on login
RSS headline URL
Each login, it will show the latest RSS headline from the selected headline URL.
RSS headline URL to be used when showing the latest headline. This is usually your favorite feed.
Failed to get the latest news.
Show stack trace on kernel error
If there is any kernel error, choose whether or not to print the stack trace to the console.
Where do you want to save the current kernel settings?
Can't save kernel settings on top of existing file.
Where do you want to load the current kernel settings from?
Checks to see if the translatable strings exist in the KS resources
Combines the two text files or more into the output file.
Failed to combine files.
RSS feed fetch timeout
How many milliseconds to wait before RSS feed fetch timeout?
Fill the boxes
Do we draw the box as a whole or do we draw only the border?
Stage delay in milliseconds
How many milliseconds to wait before drawing the next stage?
Next ramp rot interval
How many milliseconds to wait before rotting the next ramp's one end?
Failed to add an event.
Failed to remove an event.
Not enough arguments provided to add an event.
Not enough arguments provided to remove an event.
Not enough arguments provided for event manipulation.
Not enough arguments provided for reminder manipulation.
Untitled reminder
Untitled event
Now it's an event day!
Don't miss this!
Invalid action.
A simple stopwatch
Start or stop
Lap
Reset
A simple timer
Set interval
Indicated timeout is not numeric.
Specify the timeout in milliseconds
Save all events and/or reminders destructively
If enabled, deletes all events and/or reminders before saving all of them using the calendar command.
Verify retry attempts for FTP transmission
FTP connection timeout
FTP data connection timeout
FTP IP versions
How many times to verify the upload and download and retry if the verification fails before the download fails as a whole?
How many milliseconds to wait before the FTP connection timeout?
How many milliseconds to wait before the FTP data connection timeout?
Choose the version of Internet Protocol that the FTP server supports and that the FTP client uses.
Trying to start RPC while it's already started.
Finds a file in the specified directory or in the current directory
Converts the line endings to format for the current platform or to specified custom format
Total size in folder:
Show total size in list
If enabled, shows the total folder size in list, depending on how to calculate the folder sizes according to the configuration.
You're up to date!
Default JSON formatting for JSON shell
Selects the default JSON formatting (beautified or minified) for the JSON shell to save.
Firework explosion radius
How many blocks (up to 10) is the explosion radius for the firework when ignited?
This command has the below switches that change how it works:
Shows the file details in the list
Suppresses the annoying "permission denied" messages
Shows all the time zones
Starts the game in easy difficulty
Starts the game in medium difficulty
Starts the game in hard difficulty
Starts the game in very hard difficulty
Starts the game in custom difficulty. Please note that the custom timeout in milliseconds should be written as argument.
Creates a directory that contains the contents of the ZIP file
Shows all the available cities
Fast compression
No compression
Don't create base directory in archive
Indicates that the target path is absolute
Clears all fired events
Enable event debugging
Enables debugging for the kernel event system
Figlet font
Write a figlet font that is supported by the Figgle library. Consult the library documentation for more information
Failed to install custom language {0}.
The metadata information needed to install the custom language doesn't provide the necessary localizations needed.
Failed to uninstall custom language {0}.
Length of the English language doesn't match the length of the language token provided.
The language already exists and can't be overwritten.
Failed to uninstall custom language. It most likely doesn't exist.
Failed to install custom languages.
Failed to uninstall custom languages.
Failed to uninstall custom languages. See the inner exception for more info.
License information
Manage your languages
Language not found or file has invalid characters.
Language is not specified.
Language management is disabled in safe mode.
Language short name:
Language full name:
Language transliterable:
Custom language:
Stylish splash screen
Enables the stylish splash screen on startup. Please note that it will disable argument prompt and test shell pre-boot.
Splash name
Splash name from the available splashes implemented in the kernel.
Users initialized
Welcome!
Starting the remote debugger...
Remote debugger connection error
Notify on remote debug connection error
If enabled, will use the notification system to notify the host of remote debug connection error. Otherwise, will use the default console writing.
Figlet font for timer
Enable Figlet for timer
If enabled, will use figlet for timer. Please note that it needs a big console screen in order to render the time properly with Figlet enabled.
Resets the kernel to the factory settings
Show the commands count on help
Show the shell commands count on help
Show the mod commands count on help
Show the aliases count on help
Executes commands once the UESH expressions are satisfied
The condition was not found in the expression.
Condition {0} requires {1} arguments. Got {2}.
Error parsing expression due to syntax error.
Failed to satisfy condition. More info here:
Password mask character
A character that masks the password. Leave blank for more security.
Exits the shell if running on subshell
Can not kill the mother shell!
Cannot log out from the subshell.
File not specified. Exiting shell...
Progress bar color
Opens the screensaver settings
Opens the splash settings
Lists available UESH variables
Progress text location
Select your preferred progress text location.
You can only write the numbers.
Press "q" to exit.
Enables debug mode
Enable Black and White Mode
Makes the disco black and white. Will really hurt your eyes if it was too fast, so not recommended if you're experiencing a seizure of fast images.
Load Current Colors
Current value:
Adds a new byte at the end of the file
Adds the new bytes at the end of the file
Clears the binary file
Deletes a byte using the byte number
Deletes the range of bytes
Exits the hex editor
Prints the contents of the file with byte numbers to the console
Queries a byte in a specified range of bytes or all bytes
Replaces a byte with another one
Byte replaced.
The hex editor hasn't opened a file stream yet.
Enter a byte on its own line that you want to append to the end of the file. When you're done, write "EOF" on its own line.
Not a valid byte.
The specified byte number may not be larger than the file size.
Byte deleted.
The byte number is not numeric.
The specified start byte number may not be larger than the file size.
The specified end byte number may not be larger than the file size.
Deleted bytes.
Please note that editing binary files using this shell is experimental and may lead to data corruption or data loss if not used properly.
DON'T LAUNCH THE SHELL UNLESS YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'RE DOING!
Gets key information for a pressed key. Useful for debugging
Enter a key or a combination of keys to display its information.
Pressed key
Pressed key character
Pressed modifiers
Keyboard shortcut
Enable hex editor autosave
Hex editor autosave interval
Turns on or off the hex editor autosave feature.
Noise density
How many milliseconds to wait before writing in the new screen?
The greater the percentage, the noisier the signal
The script is malformed. Check the script and resolve any errors: {0}
The snake game!
Uses relative path instead of absolute
The modfile is invalid.
Bookmarks the feed
Name and surname generator
Removes the feed bookmark
The feed doesn't exist in bookmarks.
Lists all bookmarked feeds
Minimum names count
Maximum names count
Minimum amount of names to generate
Maximum amount of names to generate
Minimum age years count
Maximum age years count
Minimum amount of age years to generate
Maximum amount of age years to generate
Untitled manual page
Input history enabled
Whether the input history is enabled or not. If enabled, you can access recently typed commands using the up or down arrow keys.
Red color level:
Green color level:
Blue color level:
It's now safe to turn off your computer.
Simulate No APM Mode
Whether to simulate a situation where there is no APM available. If enabled, it informs the user that it's now safe to turn off the computer upon shutdown.
Glitch density
The greater the percentage, the more dense the glitch!
The English Dictionary
Word information for
API is licensed under
Word:
Word meanings for
Part of Speech:
Definition:
Example in Sentence:
Sources used to define
Synonyms:
Antonyms:
Tests your console for PowerLine support
Be sure to use a console font supporting PowerLine glyphs, or the output may not render properly. We recommend
Opens the shell preset library
The specified preset {0} is not found.
You are a spaceship and the meteors are coming to destroy you. Can you save it?
Device already exists in the block list.
Device doesn't exist in the block list.
Tests assembly entry point execution
Select preset for {0}:
Unit converter
Available unit types and their units:
Game over
Unexpected error
Use PowerLine for rendering spaceship
Meteor game speed
Whether to use PowerLine to render the spaceship or to use the standard greater than character. If you want to use PowerLine with Meteor, you need to install an appropriate font with PowerLine support.
Specifies the game speed in milliseconds.
Enables terminal debug mode
Prevents the kernel from using the alternative buffer
Sets the initial pre-boot environment language
Attaches the Visual Studio debugger to this instance of Nitrocid
Turns on verbose messages for pre-boot environment
Hides the pre-boot splash before configuration is loaded
Unknown argument
You must be running either ConEmu or a Windows 10 command prompt with VT processing enabled.
Your terminal is {0} on {1}.
Do these ramps look right to you? They should transition smoothly.
No fallback driver found.
Can't register a non-driver or a null driver.
Failed to infer driver type from unknown type
File {0} not found.
File or folder {0} not found.
File or folder {0} is still locked even after waiting for {1} seconds.
Run 'license' to see the license information.
Kernel first-run
Welcome to Nitrocid Kernel! Thank you for trying it out!
To get started, press ENTER.
Select your language. By default, the kernel uses the English language, but you can select any other language here.
Create your first user
We'll help you create your own username. Select any name you want. This could be your nickname or your short name, as long as your username doesn't contain spaces and special characters and that it doesn't already exist. The following usernames are registered:
Enter the username
Enter the password
Failed to create username. Please ensure that your username doesn't contain spaces and special characters.
Automatic updates
Nitrocid KS currently updates itself to get the most recent version that includes general improvements and bug fixes. New major versions usually include breaking changes and new exciting features.
Do you want Nitrocid KS to automatically check for updates?
In addition to automatically checking for updates, Nitrocid KS can also download the update file automatically.
You can always check for kernel updates using the "update" command.
Get Started!
Congratulations! You now have a user account, {0}!
Press the ENTER key to get started using the kernel and log-in to your new account. Good luck!
We apologize for your inconvenience, but the out-of-box experience has crashed. If you're sure that this is a defect in the experience, please report the crash to us with debugging logs.
Press any key to start the shell anyways, but please note that you may have to create your new user manually.
Kernel environment error:
Nitrocid KS has detected a problem and it has been shut down.
The metadata information needed to install the custom language doesn't exist.
The metadata information needed to uninstall the custom language doesn't exist.
The mod script may not be null.
No mods detected.
Stopping mod {0}...
The mod is not strongly signed. It may contain untrusted code.
Mod can't be loaded because there's an incompatibility between this version of the kernel and this mod:
Here's a list of errors that may help you investigate this incompatibility:
Mod {0} requires exactly an API version {1}, but you have version {2}. Upgrading Nitrocid KS and/or the mod usually helps. Mod parsing failed.
Mod {0} may not work properly with this API version. Mod may fail to start up. Contact the mod vendor to get a latest copy.
Mod {0} does not have the name. Mod parsing failed. Review the source code.
Mod {0} does not have the version. Mod parsing failed. Review the source code.
Mod {0} contains invalid version. Mod parsing failed. Version was
Trying to modify existing account while it's locked
Trying to add unencrypted password to users list.
Can't add username. Make sure that the username doesn't exist.
Can't remove username. Make sure that the username exists.
Kernel is waiting for the debugger...
Debugger failed to attach. Starting anyways...
Make sure that you have an appropriate debugger set up in your system before being able to attach Nitrocid to it.
Can't wipe file
Can't wipe dump file
The following files are not wiped:
Are you sure to wipe these files?
Can't wipe miscellaneous file
No argument help description
Your console must support true color to use this theme.
Exit the preview
The theme {0} celebrates an event, but you're either too early or too late to attend. Each year, this theme is accessible from {1}/{2} to {3}/{4}.
The theme {0} needs true color support, but your console doesn't support it.
The text must not be empty.
The encoded text must not be empty.
The path must not be empty.
File doesn't exist.
To combine text files, use the appropriate function.
To combine binary files, use the appropriate function.
The source is either not found or isn't a file.
Byte number must start with 1.
The specified byte number is invalid.
Invalid regular expression syntax.
The target file or directory isn't found.
Can't overwrite an existing file or directory with a symbolic link.
The file you provided, {0}, is not a valid text file. If this file is a JSON file, this function might cause it to be unreadable. For your file's safety, this operation is halted to prevent file corruption.
The source file you provided, {0}, is not a valid text file.
The target file you provided, {0}, is not a valid text file.
Disk doesn't exist
Partition doesn't exist
The hardware probing library has failed to probe hard drives. If you're running Windows, the most likely cause is that you have insufficient permissions to access the hard drive information. Restart Nitrocid with elevated administrative privileges to be able to parse hard drives.
You'll need to restart the kernel as elevated in order to be able to show hardware information.
Failed to parse the CPU info. Ensure that it's a valid info list.
Failed to parse the RAM info. Ensure that it's a valid info list.
Failed to parse the GPU info. Ensure that it's a valid info list.
Failed to parse the HDD info. Ensure that it's a valid info list.
Processor vendor:
Clock speed:
Total cores:
Cache sizes:
Total usable memory:
Reserved memory:
Disk number:
Partitions:
Partition number:
Graphics card name:
SpecProbe failed to parse some of the hardware. Below are the errors reported by SpecProbe:
No extra information.
File hash sum
No default extension handler found for this extension.
Extensions must start with the dot. Hint:
No such implementer.
The extension isn't specified.
The implementer name isn't specified.
Handler for extension is not registered.
It looks like that you don't have the JSON shell addon installed. In order to get extra features that it offers, install the addons pack.
It looks like that you don't have the SQL shell addon installed. In order to get extra features that it offers, install the addons pack.
No handler to handle this extension.
Failed to get info for {0}.
Unknown error while listing in directory: {0}
Unauthorized
Error
Can't get base entry out of non-existent file or directory.
Only text files are supported.
Access to the path is denied due to no consent.
Empty kernel path type.
Kernel path type is already registered.
Empty path.
Kernel path type is not registered.
Specify an existent folder to store the three configuration files on.
Specify an existent path to a configuration file
Not a valid config class.
Configuration file is invalid.
There is an error trying to read configuration: {0}.
Validation failed!
Reading failed!
Trying to fix configuration...
Can't check configuration variables when no type specified.
Can't check configuration variables when no entries are specified.
Trying to register a custom setting with no content.
Trying to unregister a custom setting with no name.
The custom setting is not registered.
Trying to query an empty custom setting.
Settings type not found.
Settings key not found to match the specified variable.
The settings entries JSON value is empty.
Trying to register a base setting with no content.
Trying to unregister a base setting with no name.
Assertion failure.
Event {0} not found.
Kernel event fired:
Provide a valid event action
The specified alias already exists. Make sure that you select a different alias.
The alias system encountered an invalid operation trying to process your request.
The specified alias isn't found.
The specified command isn't found to alias to.
The specified alias type isn't found.
An error occurred while trying to process the color request. Common mistakes include specifying the wrong color specifier.
A kernel configuration error occurred.
A general filesystem error occurred. Check to make sure that the path specified is correct, and that the file or directory actually exists.
A general FTP filesystem error occurred. Check to make sure that the path specified is correct, and that the file or directory actually exists.
A general FTP network error occurred. Check to make sure that your internet connection is working.
A general FTP shell error occurred.
A group management error occurred.
A general HTTP shell error occurred.
Insane console has been detected. Nitrocid KS can't continue running, because your console is incompatible with our requirements.
Invalid hash algorithm. If you're using a custom hash sum driver, check to make sure that the driver is loaded.
Invalid hash sum. Check to make sure that you copied and pasted the hash sum correctly. If you're using a custom hash sum driver, check to make sure that the driver is loaded and that it works as expected.
Invalid kernel path.
Invalid manual page. Check to make sure that the mod containing the valid manual pages is loaded.
Invalid mod. If your mod is a valid .NET assembly, check to make sure that it actually implements the interface that is necessary to start the mod.
Invalid filesystem path. Check to make sure that it's written correctly.
Invalid placeholder. Consult the kernel documentation for more information.
The custom language failed to install. Check to make sure that the language file is correctly formed. Usually, the locale generator does a good job in making the localization information for your custom language.
The custom language failed to load. Check to make sure that the language file is correctly formed. Usually, the locale generator does a good job in making the localization information for your custom language.
The custom language failed to uninstall.
The mail system encountered an error.
The mod failed to install. Check to make sure that it's a valid mod file. If your mod is a valid .NET assembly, check to make sure that it actually implements the interface that is necessary to start the mod.
The mod contains no mod instance. Consult with the mod vendor for a new copy.
The mod uninstallation has failed.
An error occurred trying to read or set the message of the day.
There is no event by this name.
There is no language by this name.
There is no mail directory by this name.
There is no mod by this name.
There is no reflection property by this name.
There is no reflection variable by this name.
There is no screensaver by this name.
There is no shell preset by this name.
There is no theme by this name.
There are zero users in the entire kernel. We've reached an extremely rare situation. The kernel can't continue.
An error occurred trying to manage permissions
The remote debug device already exists.
The remote debug device is not found. Check to make sure that you've written an IP address of the device right.
The remote debug device operation failed.
The RSS network error occurred. Check to make sure that your internet connection is working.
The RSS shell error occurred.
The screensaver management error occurred during the operation.
A general SFTP filesystem error occurred. Check to make sure that the path specified is correct, and that the file or directory actually exists.
A general SFTP network error occurred. Check to make sure that your internet connection is working.
A general SFTP shell error occurred.
Condition parsing failed. Please check your syntax to meet the operator's expected design.
An error occurred while trying to parse the UESH script file. Check your script file for errors and correct them.
A user creation error occurred.
A user management error occurred.
A general network error occurred. Should you be trying to connect to a remote end, make sure that you're connected to the Internet or to your local network.
An unsupported console has been detected.
An assertion failure has been detected in the kernel! This is most likely a bug in the kernel module that should be fixed on our end.
Your network needs to be online before being able to perform operations related to networking. Connect your network adapter and try again.
User doesn't exist. Check to make sure that you've written the user correctly.
Driver doesn't exist. Check to make sure that you've written the driver name correctly, and that the driver is registered properly.
The thread is not ready yet. The user code might have forgotten to regenerate the kernel thread after stopping it manually.
A thread operation is invalid in the current state. Refer to the additional message the kernel thread manager gave you for additional information.
An invalid shell operation is being attempted.
This function or feature is not implemented yet.
An operation was attempted on the remote procedure system that is invalid.
An invalid encryption operation is being performed.
An invalid debugging operation is being performed.
An invalid archive operation is being performed.
An invalid hex editor operation is being performed.
An invalid JSON editor operation is being performed.
An invalid text editor operation is being performed.
When the kernel tried to load the specified mod, it requested loading "Kernel Simulator". Since the main application is renamed to Nitrocid KS, this mod can't be run safely. We advice you to upgrade the mod.
A contacts manager error occurred when trying to perform the requested operation. Make sure that the contact file exists in the correct folder and that it's a valid vCard 2.1, 3.0, or 4.0 contact file.
A UESH condition system failed while performing the requested operation. See the error message below for more details.
An invalid SQL editor operation is being performed.
Group doesn't exist. Check to make sure that you've written the group name correctly.
An error occurred in the Interactive TUI implementation.
An error occurred in the custom settings manager for users.
An error occurred in the network connection manager.
A general HTTP network error occurred. Check to make sure that your internet connection is working.
A general command manager error occurred. Check to make sure that you've written the command or the shell type correctly.
Locale generator tool returned an error while trying to generate JSON files for languages.
An error occurred in the time and date module. Check to make sure that you've specified the time and the date correctly, and that the time zone exists.
An error occurred in the mod manual parser. Please ensure that your manual file is valid and that the mod is started.
An error occurred in the calendar manager.
There was an error in the notification management.
There was an error in the language management.
There was an error in the mod management.
There was an error in the reflection system.
There was an error when trying to perform an operation for theme management.
There was an error when trying to perform an operation for the kernel event management.
There was an error when trying to perform an operation for the kernel addon management.
There was an error when trying to perform an operation for the note management.
Hardware component management failed.
Login handler failed. Please ensure that it's registered properly and that it does its job as expected.
Encoding has failed. Check to make sure that your encoding driver works correctly and fix any problems if found, then try again.
Invalid privacy consent operation. Please make sure that the consent is correct and try again.
Splash manager has failed to perform your requested operation. Please check the splash name and try again.
Text tools failed to process your request.
Invalid placeholder action. Consult the kernel documentation for more information.
The driver handler failed to perform this action because you might have supplied the parameters wrong. If you're sure that they're specified correctly, make sure that you've provided the right driver name and type.
The progress handler has failed to perform the requested operation.
The console operation failed to perform the required task.
The kernel journaling operation failed to perform the required task.
The system docking operation failed to perform the required task.
The security operation failed to perform the required task.
There was an error when trying to perform an operation for the kernel driver management.
There is an error in the kernel, one of the kernel addons, one of your mods, or one of the kernel components. If the routine tried to process your input, ensure that you've written all the parameters correctly.
Exception info
Error type
Error message
Additional info
The module that caused the fault provided this additional information that may help you further
The module that caused the fault didn't provide additional information.
Exception details
If the additional info above doesn't help you pinpoint the problem, this may help you pinpoint it.
The module didn't provide the exception information, so it's usually an indicator that something is wrong.
Inner exception details
Additional errors were found when the routine tried to perform this operation
If you're sure that this error is unexpected, try to restart the kernel with debugging enabled and investigate the logs after retrying the action.
Unfortunately, an invalid message type was given, so it's possible that something is messed up. Try turning on the debugger and reproducing the problem.
{0} -- Rebooting in {1} seconds...
Continuable kernel error occurred:
This error may cause instabilities to the kernel or to the applications. You can continue using the kernel at your own risk.
In-depth analysis of the error
Exception type
Error code
Error source
Unknown error source method
Error description
Stack trace
Kernel error information
The kernel error happened at
Contains an exception?
Kernel error description
Analysis of inner error, number
The last inner error is the root cause, which is number
Frame analysis
There are no frames to analyze.
Frame analysis failed. Some information might not be complete.
Unfortunately, there is no helpful error information provided to help you analyze the issue.
All kernel threads
Thread is alive
Thread is a background thread
Thread is system-critical
Thread is ready
Thread is stopping
Total threads
Thread analysis failed. Some information might not be complete.
All operating system threads
Operating system thread analysis failed. Some information might not be complete.
All thread backtraces
Thread backtraces is empty. Either this information is not available, an error occurred while fetching it, or the Diagnostics Extras addon is not installed. Investigate the debug logs.
Stack trace for thread
Thread backtrace analysis failed. Some information might not be complete.
Version information
Dump generator failed to dump a kernel error caused by
We apologize for your inconvenience, but it looks like that the kernel was having trouble booting. The below error message might help:
For further investigation, enable debugging mode on the kernel and try to reproduce the issue. Also, try to investigate the latest dump file created.
This addon is not a valid addon.
Starting kernel addon
Started kernel addon
Failed to start kernel addon
Failed to initialize kernel addon
Failed to finalize addons. Below addons have failed to finalize:
Failed to stop addons. Below addons have failed to stop:
Can't execute custom function with non-existent addon
Can't find function '{0}' in addon '{1}'.
Can't find property '{0}' in addon '{1}'.
Can't find field '{0}' in addon '{1}'.
Extra Languages Pack
Extra Screensavers Pack
Extra Splashes Pack
Extra Themes Pack
Extras - Amusements
Extras - Archive Shell
Extras - BassBoom
Extras - Caffeine
Extras - Calculators
Extras - Calendar
Extras - Color Converter
Extras - Contacts
Extras - CRC32
Extras - Diagnostics
Extras - Dictionary
Extras - Docking
Extras - Forecast
Extras - FTP Shell
Extras - Git Shell
Extras - HTTP Shell
Extras - JSON Shell
Extras - Language Studio
Extras - Mail Shell
Extras - MD5
Extras - Notes
Extras - RSS Shell
Extras - SFTP Shell
Extras - SHA1
Extras - SHA384
Extras - SQL Shell
Extras - Theme Studio
Extras - Time Info
Extras - Timers
Extras - Kernel Tips
Extras - To-do List
Extras - Unit Converter
No such addon type '{0}'
One or more of the CPU cores failed to probe. Showing information anyway...
One or more of the RAM chips failed to probe. Showing information anyway...
One or more of the graphics cards failed to probe. Showing information anyway...
One or more of the hard drives failed to probe. Showing information anyway...
Hardware won't be parsed because of insufficient privileges. Use "winelevate" to restart Nitrocid in elevated mode.
There was an error when probing hardware: {0}
Journal file '{0}' doesn't exist.
Remote power management invoked:
Can not initialize VT sequences for your Windows terminal. Make sure that you're running Windows 10 or later.
Failed to start critical components
Starting Nitrocid...
Loading custom languages...
Loading important kernel addons...
Loading configuration...
Loading important mods...
The kernel failed to initialize some of the essential components. The kernel will not work properly at this point.
Error information:
Kernel environment information
The kernel failed to initialize some of the optional components. If it's trying to read a configuration file, make sure that it's formatted correctly.
General variables reset
Saved shell command histories.
Config saved.
Extra kernel functions and their registered components stopped.
The kernel failed to reset all the configuration to their initial states. Some of the components might have not unloaded correctly. If you're experiencing problems after the reboot, this might be the cause. Please shut down the kernel once rebooted.
Goodbye!
Please wait while the kernel initializes your hardware...
Verifying system integrity
Configuration error will be notified
Configuration error
There is a problem with one of the configuration files. Please check its contents.
System initialization
Kernel updates
Hardware detection
Optional components
User initialization
System integrity verification
Stage
Running in maintenance mode. Skipping stage...
Can't regenerate the kernel thread while the same thread is already running.
Child thread start action can't be null.
Kernel thread {0} failed.
No info.
Can't open file or folder
Newline style:
Binary file:
MIME metadata:
Full name
Version
Culture name
Content type
File is not a valid .NET assembly.\n
Can't get file system info
Can't copy file or directory
Can't move file or directory
Can't remove file or directory
Folder doesn't exist. Make sure that you've written the correct path.
Enter a path or a full path to a destination folder to copy the selected file to.
Make sure that you've written the correct path.
File doesn't exist. Make sure that you've written the correct path.
Enter a path or a full path to a destination folder to move the selected file to.
Enter a new file name.
Make sure that you've written the correct file name.
File already exists. The name shouldn't be occupied by another file.
Enter a new directory name.
Folder already exists. The name shouldn't be occupied by another folder.
Selected entry is not a file.
Enter a hash driver:
Hash driver not found.
Enter your expected hash
Two hashes match!
Two hashes don't match.
Selected
File name
Is a directory
Is selected
File size
File path
Can't open folder or select file
Enter a path or a full path to a local folder.
Press SPACE for more info
Selected '{0}'. Press ESC to exit and confirm selections.
Unselected '{0}'. Press ESC to exit and confirm selections.
No selected files.
Can't open folder
Can't select folder
No selected folders.
Unfortunately, this manual page doesn't have any contents. However, this documentation might have been found under the mod vendor's webpage. If you still can't find this documentation, ask the developers of the mod for more information.
Presented to you by
Content length
No contents.
No revision.
Screensaver name
Screensaver contains flashing images
Task ID
Privileged processor time
User processor time
Total processor time
Task state
Priority level
Task memory address
Task name
Alive
Background
Critical
Ready
Kernel task is already killed.
Kernel task is critical and can't be killed.
OS threads can't be killed.
Date
Time
Display name
Standard name
Success
Failure
The progress handler may not be null.
Processing...
This method is nonexistent.
This method is static. Use the non-object overload.
This method is not static. Use the object overload.
Photosensitive seizure warning
This screensaver may contain flashing images and fast-paced animations that may cause seizures for the photosensitive. It's recommended to seek a medical specialist for more information about such seizure before continuing. If you want to get rid of this warning, you can turn this off from the screensaver settings.
Custom screensaver already exists.
Custom screensaver not found.
Can't register empty splash
Can't register splash with no name
Can't register splash with no entry point
Can't re-register splash. You need to unregister that splash first.
Can't unregister splash with no name
Can't unregister non-existent splash
The closing splash has failed to display
We've reached {0}%!
Loading...
Can't execute custom function with non-existent mod
Dependency unsatisfied. Failed dependencies are listed below:
Tried to query the manuals for nonexistent mod {0}.
Tried to initialize the manual {0} for nonexistent mod {1}.
Tried to initialize the manual file {0} for nonexistent mod {1}.
Tried to initialize the manual file {0} which doesn't exist for mod {1}.
This property is only valid for connections with threads. For instance connections, call the appropriate property on the instance itself instead of calling this property.
Select a connection. If you have no connections, you'll have to create a new connection. Additionally, you can use the speed dial feature to quickly connect to servers.
Create a new connection
Use speed dial
Connection type is not found
Connection is not found.
Invalid link for connection.
Failed to establish connection with {0}.
Connection is not established yet.
The connection index is out of range.
Connection type already exists
The shell {0} doesn't accept network connections.
Enter the server address:
Select a connection from the speed dial list.
Select a connection.
Unknown networked shell error:
Can't add a speed dial with non-existent type.
{0} of {1} uploaded.
Demanding permission
Permission not granted
Can't consent an empty permission.
It looks like that a mod with the root namespace of {0} tries to access your data with the permission of {1}. Do you want to allow this mod to access your data?
You didn't specify an assembly.
You didn't specify an assembly path.
You didn't specify an assembly name.
Can't add a group with the same name.
Can't remove a nonexistent group.
Can't add a user to a nonexistent group.
User has already joined the group!
Can't remove a user from a nonexistent group.
User has already left the group!
Can't query a user from a nonexistent group.
The login handler is not found!
Wrong username or username not found.
Login handler has crashed!
Incorrect admin password. You have {0} tries.
Out of chances. Rebooting...
Some malicious mod removed the root account, or rare situation happened and it was gone.
From
No feed.
Install the RSS Shell Extras addon!
Press any key to start, or ESC for more options...
The key specified, {0}, already exists.
The key specified, {0}, doesn't exist.
Welcome to Nitrocid Kernel! - Version
This program is licensed under GNU General Public License 3.0 or later.
You're running the development version of the kernel. While you can experience upcoming features which may exist in the final release, you may run into bugs, instabilities, or even data loss. We recommend using the stable version, if possible.
You're running the release candidate version of the kernel. While you can experience the final touches, you may run into bugs, instabilities, or even data loss. We recommend using the stable version, if possible.
We recommend against running this version of the kernel, because it is unsupported. If you have downloaded this kernel from unknown sources, this message may appear. Please download from our official downloads page.
To dismiss forever, either press ENTER on the "Acknowledged" button here by highlighting it using the left arrow on your keyboard, or enable "Development notice acknowledged" in the kernel settings.
OK
Acknowledged
Development notice
Please note that running Nitrocid KS on an unusual environment means that some features are limited. You won't be able to load mods and configurations.
Unusual environment notice
that you can get extra tips from the kernel addon shipped with the full build of Nitrocid?
Pro tip: Did you know
Keybindings
Remove
Can't perform this operation on a null array.
Can't perform this operation on a null lines list.
Settings type is not found.
Find an option
Allows you to easily search for a settings entry using either its title or its value.
Save settings
Saves your kernel configuration changes to the config file found in the application data folder.
Save settings as
Saves your kernel configuration changes to the config file found in the specified folder.
Load settings from
Loads the kernel configuration from the specified config file.
Reload settings
Reloads the kernel configuration for any external changes
Check for system updates
System information
You're on the landing page of the {0} settings. Select a section or an option to get started. Depending on which settings you've changed, you might need to restart the kernel.
Loading section...
One or more of the following settings found in this section are unsupported in your platform:
Invalid section. Please go back.
Invalid key. Please go back.
Searching for settings...
These settings are found. Please select one.
Failed to find your requested setting.
Saving settings...
Saving settings to
Loading settings...
Reloading settings...
Kernel version
Kernel API version
Host ID
Host Generic ID
You're Lost!
If you're sure that you've opened the right section, turn on the kernel debugger, reproduce, and try to investigate the logs.
If you don't understand the above message, turn on the kernel debugger, reproduce, and try to investigate the logs.
>> Remote Debug: version
>> Welcome! This is your first time entering remote debug. Use "/register <name>" to register.
Device not found to block.
Base console tests
Driver tests
Filesystem tests
Main kernel component tests
Language and localization tests
Miscellaneous tests
Kernel modification tests
Network system tests
UESH shell tests
User tests
Shutdown
Exits the testing mode and shuts down the kernel
Choose a test section to run
No
Stack frame number shouldn't exceed current amount of frames or shouldn't be negative.
Nitrocid KS
Kernel thread supervisor detected {0} critical threads that haven't started yet.
Kernel thread supervisor detected {0} dead threads.
Kernel thread supervisor failed
Alarm fired!
The alarm name is empty.
The alarm is not found.
The zero-based alarm number is invalid.
Today is
Failed to show current times:
Time zone {0} not found
Time zone not found.
The time zone information package is not installed yet on your Linux system. Install 'tzdata' using your distribution's package manager.
Please wait
Loading
Please wait while the kernel is initializing
Please wait while the kernel is shutting down
Please wait while the kernel is restarting
Starting
Safe Mode
Debug Mode
Latest news from
To be able to get the latest news, you must install the RSS Shell Extras addon. You can use the 'getaddons' command to get all the addons!
Alias {0} is not found to be queried.
Sets the value of the output to the selected UESH variable
Required arguments are not provided for all usages below:
Required arguments are not provided.
Required switches are not provided.
One of the switches requires a value that is not provided.
Switches that are listed below are unknown.
Switches that are listed below conflict with each other.
The below switches don't accept values.
One or more of the arguments expect a numeric value, but you provided an invalid number.
One or more of the arguments expect an exact wording, but you provided an invalid word.
One or more of the switches expect a numeric value, but you provided an invalid number.
Command has been aborted.
You must not directly execute this command in a wrapped mode.
An error occurred while trying to wrap a command output
Command aborted for the following reason:
Invalid command pattern provided.
Command not found.
Shell type {0} doesn't exist.
You must provide the command base.
You must provide the command.
The command specified is already added! It's possible that you may have conflicting mods.
Command not defined
Some of the custom commands can't be loaded.
The custom command specified is not found.
Some of the custom commands can't be unloaded.
The command specified is already added! It's possible that you may have conflicting addons.
Some of the addon commands can't be loaded.
The addon command specified is not found.
Some of the addon commands can't be unloaded.
This shell uses the slash commands to execute the commands. Please append the slash symbol '/' to the beginning of the command to get started. For example:
Available commands:
Kernel addon commands:
No kernel addon commands.
Unified commands:
Unified commands not implemented!!!
Command:
You can't declare the new block before you place expressions that support the creation, like conditions or loops. The stack number is {0}.
When starting a new block, make sure that you've indented the stack correctly. The stack number is {0}.
The script is malformed. Check the script and resolve any errors.
Reminder for the slash commands
Executes an external process
Executes the process without interrupting the shell thread. A separate window will be created.
Finds the available commands in the current shell type
Shows mod commands
Shows aliased commands
Shows unified commands
Shows kernel addon commands
Shows all commands
Uses simplified help
Loads shell histories
Repeats the last action or the specified command
Saves shell histories
Shows a random kernel tip
Shells can't start unless the mother shell has started.
Failed trying to initialize shell
Error in administrative shell: {0}
Kernel arguments help system
Prints the boot log
Gets current kernel journal log
Lists the users
Saves the recent notifications
Manipulates with the user main flags
Gets the user information
Changes the preferred user language
You must enable debug mode before you can use the debug shell.
Gets current backtrace
Gets message from kernel exception type. Useful for debugging
Gets a field value
Gets a property value
Lists all available addons
Lists all available fields from the specified addon
Lists all available functions from the specified addon
Lists all available properties from the specified addon
Lists all the base addons and their status
Lists all available public fields
Suppresses the error messages
Lists all available public properties
Lists all available shells
Previews the splash
Specifies whether to test out the important messages feature on splash
Specifies the splash screen context
Adds a new byte to the specified position
Opens the interactive hex editor TUI
Opens the interactive editor
Adds groups
Adds users to a group
Administrative shell
Beeps from the console
Renames group of files to selected format
Prints the line numbers alongside the contents
Prints only the contents
Force treating binary files as plain text
Gets the current directory
What's new in this version of Nitrocid?
Checks the file or the folder lock
Waits until the file or the folder is unlocked
Changes language
Changes the user language instead of the system language
One line choice style
Two lines choice style
Modern choice style
The output can be only one character
The output can be more than a character
Combines the two text files or more into the console.
Compares between the two text files.
Converts the line endings to the Windows format
Converts the line endings to the Unix format
Converts the line endings to the Mac OS 9 format
Forces the line ending conversion
Shows just the date
Shows just the time
Uses UTC instead of local
Starts the debug shell
Decodes the encoded file
Specifies the key
Specifies the initialization vector
Decodes the encoded text
Decodes the text from the BASE64 representation
Provides information about a disk
Manage your drivers
Prints the text as it is with no placeholder parsing
Edits a file
Forces text mode
Forces hex mode
Forces JSON mode
Forces SQL mode
Encodes the file
Encodes the text
Encodes the text to a BASE64 representation
Searches for a file recursively
Executes a command on a file
Finds a file in the specified directory or in the current directory using regular expressions
Forks the UESH shell to create another instance
Specifies the output path
Gets all the addons from the official download page and installs them
Reinstalls the addons
Gets all the extension handlers from all the extensions
Gets a configuration variable and its value
Gets the default extension handler from the specified extension
Gets the default extension handlers from all the extensions
Gets the extension handlers from the specified extension
Gets the key and the initialization vector for symmetrical encoding
Gets the current host name
Interactive system host file manager
Allows user to enter input as password
Shows license information for the kernel
Checks a UESH script for syntax errors
Lists a folder recursively
Lists a folder using the tree form
Lists all available configurations
Deep details about all configurations, including their entries
Lists all configuration variables and their values
Lists all available connections
Lists available extension handlers
Lists all the disk partitions
Lists all the disks
Lists online network devices
Provides information about a partition from the specified disk
Finds a given file name from path lookup directories
Manage permissions for groups
Specifies number of times to ping
Gets the current platform
Shows the platform name
Shows the platform version
Shows the platform bits
Shows the .NET platform version
Shows the .NET platform runtime identifier
Restarts the kernel
Restarts the kernel to safe mode.
Restarts the kernel to maintenance mode.
Restarts the kernel to debug mode.
Removes a file or a directory securely
Removes a group from the list
Removes a user from the group
Saves the current kernel configuration to its file
Gives you an option to select the screensaver to try out
Opens the addon screensaver settings
Opens the driver settings
Opens the custom settings
Sets a configuration variable to a specified value
Sets the default extension handler of the specified extension to the specific implementer
Opens an interactive TUI in which you'll be able to see the world clock in real time
Sleeps for specified milliseconds
Runs the command as the root user
Calculates text sums.
Creates a symbolic link to a file or a folder
Shows the system information
Shows the hardware information
Shows the user information
Shows the message of the day
Shows the message of the day after login
Shows all information
Task manager
Previews a theme
Selects a theme and sets it
Immediately set the theme on selection
Removes a variable from the UESH variable list
Just wipes the variable value without removing it
Shows the kernel uptime
Shows the two useful URLs for manual.
Gets the current version
Shows the kernel mod API version
Shows the kernel version
Gets the current user name
Wraps the text file
Specifies the columns per line
You can log in to these accounts:
Enjoy your day
Error when trying to set MAL: {0}
Error when trying to get MAL: {0}
The message of the day after login may not be null.
Welcome to Nitrocid Kernel!
Error when trying to set MOTD: {0}
Error when trying to get MOTD: {0}
The message of the day may not be null.
Press any letter on your keyboard to set it to that character.
Write a floating-point number in the below prompt. Make sure that this number is of this format
Write a natural number in the below prompt.
Keep it
Remove it
Add new item
What do you want to do with this item?
Enter a value for the new item
Invalid action selected.
Write any text to use. Remember, follow the description of the option that you've chosen.
Registers your name to your remote debug device
Disconnects from the remote debugger
Mutes or unmutes the kernel logs
There were not enough arguments. See below for usage:
>> Remote Chat: version
>> Welcome! This is your first time entering remote chat. In the remote debugger, use "/register <name>" to register. You can't talk until you register.
How many milliseconds did it really take to sleep for just one millisecond?
How many ticks did it really take to sleep for just one millisecond?
Tests changing the language to your preferred language
Choose your language
Write a translatable string to check:
Write a translatable string list file path to check:
Tests the interactive TUI system with a double pane interaction
Tests the interactive TUI system with a single pane interaction
Tests the interactive TUI system with a single pane interaction and with refreshing the second pane info
Write a color number ranging from 1 to 255:
Enables the debugger
Previous value
Current value
Dismisses all sent notifications
Enables the notification system
Tests the kernel update functionality
Is the kernel up to date?
Checks for the connection to the Internet
Internet availability is
Tests the child kernel thread
Tests the kernel thread
Write a search term:
Checks for the network connection
Network availability is
Print a string to console
Print a string to debugger
Print a string to debugger with formatting
Print a string to console with formatting
Print a string to console with highlight
Print a separator to console
Print a separator to console with formatting
Print a string to console with new lines in string
Print a string to console with null characters
Enables the remote debugger
Test notification
Description is here
Test progress notification
Sends a failing progress notification to test the receiver
Test failing notification
Test indeterminate notification
Sends a notification as asterisk to test the receiver
Test simple notification
Tests arguments
Tests the cryptographically secure random number generator
Returned numbers:
Tests an event
Write an event name:
Write a path to assembly file:
Tests the file selector
You've selected
Tests the multiple files selector
Tests the folder selector
Tests the multiple folders selector
Tests the buttons in the informational box
Tests the colored input box in the informational box
Tests the input box in the informational box
Tests the input multiple selection style in the informational box
Tests the input selection style in the informational box
Tests the input multiple selection style
Tests the input selection style
Tests the list entry writer
Indent 1:
Indent 2:
Tests the progress handler
Initializing...
Write a string to check:
Write a regular expression:
Tests the random number generator
Tests the screen feature for the console
Screen failed to render:
Tests switches
Placeholder may not be null
Placeholder action may not be null
Placeholder is not registered
Placeholder must satisfy this format
The condition needs to be placed in the end.
Can't register a condition that already exists.
Can't register an empty condition.
Can't unregister a condition that doesn't exist.
No commands found.
Invalid number of times.
Can't repeat self.
Session number is invalid.
The specified main flag type is invalid
Full name set to {0}. You may want to log in again.
The full name is empty.
Basic user info
Preferred language
Flags
Permissions
Groups
Preferred user language set to {0}. You may want to log in again.
Administrator Shell
No such exception type
Exception type name
Message
Field info for
Value
Failed to get field info for
Property info for
Failed to get property info for
Pressed key character code
List of fields for
List of functions for
List of properties for
List of addons
List of base addons
List of shells
The splash context is not valid
Available splashes:
This command is not supported on Windows.
Debug Shell
Specified Byte number {0} is not a valid number.
Creating group {0}...
Adding user {0} to group {1}...
You can now run '{0}' as '{1}'!
File or folder is already in use.
Waiting until the file or the folder is unlocked...
File or folder is not in use.
You may need to log out and log back in for changes to take effect.
Changing MAL...
Changing MOTD...
Passwords doesn't match.
Can't combine a mix of text and binary files.
Source file doesn't exist.
Target file doesn't exist.
The two files are identical.
The two files are different.
Different
Can't convert line endings on a binary file since it results in file corruption.
The driver is not found.
Drivers for
Driver name
Driver type name
Driver type
Driver management is disabled in safe mode.
Can't edit file {0} because it's not found.
Key used
Initialization vector used
.NET assembly info
File is not a valid .NET assembly.
Extra info
Some or all your addons have been installed. If you wish to re-install them, use the -reinstall switch.
Fetching the addons package...
Failed to fetch the addon package
Downloading the addons package...
Failed to download the addon package
Installing the addons package...
Failed to install the addon package
Extension
Extension handler
Key name
Key description
Key type
Key variable
Key not found.
Config not found.
Available configuration types
No such extension.
Default extension handler
Only symmetric encoding algorithms which use both the key and the initialization vector are supported.
Script lint succeeded.
Script lint failed. Most likely there is a syntax error. Check your script for errors and retry running the linter.
Script linter failed unexpectedly trying to parse your script.
Info for
Entries count
Entry name
Displaying as
Description
Keys count
Use the {0} command to get the individual keys
Configuration variables for
Connections for type
Instance
Extension handler information for
Handler implementer
Handler metadata
Contains handler function
Contains info handler function
Unknown host
File found in path:
File not found in path lookup directories.
No such permission
No such permission mode
Group {0} removed.
Removed {0} from group {1}.
Available screensavers:
Searching {0} for {1} failed.
You must pass the -set switch with the variable that you want to set this value to.
where saver will be
To get additional screensavers, install the screensaver pack addon.
To get additional splashes, install the splash pack addon.
You can use the type switch to open the following settings
Base settings
Custom settings
You are already a superuser!
Failed to execute the command as superuser.
Can't make a symbolic link.
Kernel settings
Kernel Version:
Debug Mode:
Running on usual environment:
Safe Mode:
Hardware settings
Use "hwinfo" for extended information about hardware.
User settings
Current user name:
Current host name:
Available usernames:
Select a category
Back
Expired
Available
Select a theme
Would you like to set this theme?
To access the user manual for general uses of Nitrocid, please visit the below link:
To access the developer's manual for updated ways of making kernel modifications and screensavers, please visit the below link:
You're already running the elevated Nitrocid session!
Elevating your Nitrocid session...
This command is unavailable for your platform.
Invalid number of columns.
Shut down
Restart
Login
Select a user account you want to log in with.
Enter the password for user
Wrong password for user.
Successfully registered! Hi, {0}!
No remote debug command description
Data type {0} specified is invalid.
Platform {0} specified is invalid.
Do you back the wrong horse?
Starts the Hangman game
One wrong letter and you're hung!
Test your Hangman skills by throwing a random letter.
You are a spaceship and the meteors are coming to destroy you. Can you dodge them?
Gets a random quote
Russian Roulette
Two spaceships are on a fight with each other. One shot and the spaceship will blow. This is a local two-player game.
The Wordle game simulator
Play the Wordle game originally
Commemorates the 5-year anniversary of the kernel release
Opens the archive file to the archive shell
Gets all lyric lines from the lyric file
Plays a lyric file
Plays a sound
Adds an alarm to alert you when your cup of tea or coffee is ready.
Aborts an alarm that alerts you when your cup of tea or coffee is ready.
Show information about the imaginary number formula specified by a specified real and imaginary number
Calendar, event, and reminder manager
Calendar type to work on
Use the table-based calendar viewer
Manages your contacts
Gets backtrace for all threads
Shows you a full-screen overview about a selected dock view to be able to use it as an info panel
Git shell
Gets information about your online radio station
Shows the difference between two JSON files
Makes a new language
Opens the IMAP mail client
Opens the POP3 mail client
POP3 mail is returning from 0.0.20.0, but we don't currently plan to release it in this version. Wait for the next version.
First name finder
Generate names using the male names list
Generate names using the female names list
Generate names using the unified names list
Surname finder
Adds a note
Removes a note
Removes all notes
Lists all notes
Saves all notes
Reloads all notes
Notes viewer TUI
Enter the RSS feed URL
Error trying to parse the address. Make sure that you've written the address correctly.
Opens an interactive RSS feed reader TUI
Gets the current date and time information
that you can execute process commands in two ways: entering the executable file name directly, and using the 'exec' command?
that you can lock your screen using the 'lockscreen' command?
that you can build your own kernel modifications using C# and Visual Basic?
that you can use multiple commands using the semicolon between commands?
that you can escape double quotes inside the quoted arguments when executing commands?
that you can change the kernel settings using the 'settings' command?
that you can save your screen using the 'savescreen' command?
that you can report bugs to us by going to Nitrocid's GitHub project page?
that you can make a shortcut to your desired command using the 'alias' command?
that you can build your own splash screen using C# and Visual Basic?
that you can install extra addons to make your kernel more useful and amusing?
that you can make your own awesome themes using the 'mktheme' command?
that you can change your kernel colors by either using the 'settings' command or by using one of the pre-built themes?
that you can reset your kernel to the factory defaults using the 'reset' argument?
that you can access our extensive documentation at our GitBook page?
that long term releases are supported for five years for main support, and three years for security updates?
that 0.0.1 was the very first version of Nitrocid KS that was released on February 22, 2018?
that the 0.0.24.x series was the only version series that held the API v2.1 version?
that short term releases are supported for just nine months?
that 0.1.x series is backwards-incompatible with 0.0.24.x series or older?
that you can run Nitrocid KS on Linux, macOS, and Android?
that you can refer to the API documentation to help you make your mods?
that you can get several of the awesome games, like Hangman and ShipDuet, by installing the extra addons?
that, in Meteor, if you crash with a red meteor storm, your spaceship crashes?
that you can convert your kernel to information centers using the docking feature?
that you can make user groups to organize user accounts?
that if you're a member of a group that grants certain permissions, you're allowed to perform such operations?
that you can change your kernel time zone without affecting your host system?
that you can use the interactive text and hex editor to save time?
that the oldest text editor known to be working with the first Unix system is ed, the earliest text editor released on 1973 shipped with the Unix system found on a PDP-7 at AT&T Bell Labs?
that you can also force edit command to launch the editor in a specific type?
that the interactive text editor attempts to simulate the most basic features of the most popular Unix text editors, vi and vim?
that unless you know what you're doing with the binary file, editing such file in this way will lead to data corruption or data loss in the targeted file?
that on Linux systems, the shell is initiated with the help of both the log-in handler and the system initialization program, usually found in /sbin/init?
that you can perform common file operations, such as copying, moving, deleting, editing, and so on?
that the interactive TUI of a file manager simulates the functionality of Midnight Commander?
that if the kernel crashes, it usually creates a dump file?
that you can diagnose the kernel by debugging it using the built-in debug functionality?
that you can download and upload files directly from the UESH shell?
that the kernel can be translated even at pre-boot stages by starting it up with the 'lang' argument?
that you can build your own screensavers by registering them in your mod?
that the first screensaver that blanked the screen after three minutes of inactivity on the original IBM PCs, scrnsave, was created on 1983 by John Socha?
that some of the fast-paced screensavers may cause photosensitive seizures?
that kernel journals are used as boot and shutdown logs?
that your mods can now become translatable?
that your mods can communicate with kernel addons and other mods, creating some kind of communication and achieving interoperability?
that you can connect to the remote debugger and, optionally, to the chat server?
that you can use the debug shell, which is only available for development versions?
that your mods can now have their own configuration by registering their associated classes?
that your mods can register their own shells?
that your mods can add commands to the existing shells to increase the amount of commands that can be used?
that your command classes can accurately represent passed arguments and switches?
that you can query passed switches using the switch management classes found in the kernel API?
that UESH includes the scripting functionality to facilitate making and running scripts?
that the shell includes functionality to inhibit cancellation for active applications?
that Nitrocid is deeply integrated with Terminaux to allow faster and better rendering?
that you can now resize the interactive applications without worrying that the output gets corrupted?
that there are commands that ask for user input, which are useful for scripts?
that you can present your user input question in several ways, such as choice, table, simple, selection, and so on?
that you can place the placeholders to your text that supports them?
that you can use different kernel drivers to change how a specific operation works?
that you can make your own screensavers and splashes in C# or Visual Basic?
that you can query the host system and the terminal emulator using the kernel platform class?
that you can ask for a privacy consent prior to doing something sensitive in your mod?
that you can turn off notifications using the Do Not Disturb feature?
that you can save notification history using a function found in the notification manager?
that you can change how random numbers are generated by changing the driver?
that miscellaneous APIs provide useful functions for your mods?
To-do task manager
Lists all available units
Use the TUI version of the unit converter
Commemorating the 5-year anniversary of the kernel
First ever release
This kernel was first released on February 22, 2018 to make a minimalistic simulator that actually simulates how the core of the kernel works.
It used to only host one shell, and a few commands, and it only worked with Windows due to its usage of the Windows Management Instrumentation tool.
It also didn't have its own documentation.
Kernel Refinement
Versions of the kernel were released, such as the second major release to add coloring and basic features, and the fourth major release to add configuration.
Documentation started on the sixth major release, and various nice things have been slowly added to the kernel.
Current version
This version now refines the kernel to the point that it no longer behaves like the old versions.
Because the new groundbreaking features got released, we decided to name this kernel...
Happy 5-year anniversary!
Can't extract nothing.
Archive is not writable because type is
Make sure to specify the path to an LRC file.
Can't play sound because the file is not found.
Opened music file successfully.
Can't open music file.
Can't play sound because of timeout.
Unknown Artist
Unknown Genre
Name
Artist
Genre
Duration
Press 'q' to stop playing.
Can't play sound.
Now playing
Title
American Coffee
Red Tea
Green Tea
No caffeine alerts to abort.
The seconds in which your cup will be ready is invalid.
If you're trying to supply a name of the drink, check out the list below:
Your cup is now ready!
The real number is not valid.
The imaginary number is not valid.
Formula:
Radius:
Real to Radius in Radians:
Imaginary to Radius in Radians:
Angle in Radians:
Exponential:
Triangular:
Events...
Reminders...
The interactive calendar failed:
Events and reminders for
Long form
Calendar type
No reminders found for the selected month
No events found for the selected month
Cyan level:
Magenta level:
Yellow level:
Hue:
Saturation:
Value:
Yellow color level:
Luma:
In-phase:
Quadrature:
U-Chroma:
V-Chroma:
Can't open file '{0}' because it's not found.
Imported contacts successfully.
Can't open file '{0}' because the card file is invalid.
Contact file doesn't exist.
contacts found
Contact file is invalid.
The MeCard syntax can't be empty.
Either the provided contacts file doesn't have information about any contact or isn't valid.
Failed to parse contacts. See the error details for more information.
Contact index is out of range. Maximum index is {0} while provided index is {1}.
There are no contacts to get.
There are no contacts to search for.
Regular expression is invalid.
We believe that you're running Windows 8 or lower. This operation is not supported.
Thread stack trace information for {0}
Not a Nitrocid KS thread
There is no dock screen by this name.
There is no screen dock by this name.
There is no screen dock.
Screen dock has crashed
Reads the content of a remote file to the console
Exits the shell without disconnecting
Make sure that you specify the port correctly.
More than one profile found. Select one:
Repository not specified. Exiting shell...
Failed to open repository. Exiting shell...
Fetches the list of changes in a file line by line
Checks out a branch
Makes a commit
Describes a commit
Shows a difference between the current commit and the local files
Shows a difference between the current commit and the local files by their content in a patch hunk form
Shows a difference between the current commit and the local files by their existence
Shows a difference between the current commit and the local files by their existence and by their content
Fetches all updates from a remote
Fetches the file status
Gets a simple repository information
Lists all branches
Lists all commits
Lists all remotes
Lists all tags
Makes a tag from the HEAD
Pulls all updates from the server
Pushes all updates to the server
Resets the local repository
Does a soft reset
Does a mixed reset
Does a hard reset
Sets your identity up
Stages a change
Stages all changes
Repository status
Unstages a change
Unstages all changes
Adds a header with the key and the value to all the upcoming requests
Gets current user agent
Edits a key on the header to all the upcoming requests
Lists the request headers
Puts the file to the HTTP server using the specified request
Puts the string to the HTTP server using the specified request
Posts the file to the HTTP server using the specified request
Posts the string to the HTTP server using the specified request
Removes a key on the header to all the upcoming requests
Sets a user agent
Adding header that already exists.
Removing header that doesn't exist.
Editing header that doesn't exist.
The port number for your online radio is invalid.
Full URL
Current listeners
Peak listeners
Streams
Active streams
Stream info for ID
Path
Currently playing
Uptime
Adds a new array, object, or property
Specifies the parent path
Specifies the type
Specifies the property name to be created with. This is used if the parent path is an object.
Clears the JSON file
Finds a property
Specifies the parent property
Shows information about the JSON file
Don't show individual properties
Show all values
Removes a target object
Beautified JSON
Minified JSON
Sets a value to an existing array, object, or property
Opens the JSON file in the interactive editor
The token inside the JSON file isn't found.
The parent token is not found. Make sure that you've written the path '{0}' correctly.
The specified type '{0}' is invalid.
Can't append a new item with the property name with the parent token type of '{0}'.
Can't append a new item with the property name '{0}' with the parent token type of '{1}'.
Property name '{0}' within parent '{1}', type '{2}', doesn't exist
The base English strings file doesn't exist. Do you want to create an empty one? Or do you want to use Nitrocid's English strings?
No valid language is specified.
Welcome to the Language Studio!
New string
Remove string
Save translations
Select a string to translate:
Enter a new string
Select a string to remove:
Saving language...
Select language
Select a language to translate this string to:
Write your translation of
The note ID must be a note number
This note is empty
Can't remove non-existent note
Searches the feed for a phrase in title and/or description
Search for title
Search for description
Search for title and description
Case sensitive search
Failed to parse feed URL:
No description
Shows the details of the files and folders
Suppresses the "unauthorized" messages
Enter the location of the private key for {0}. Write "q" to finish adding keys: 
Trying to connect to {0}...
Executes an SQL query
Database info
Opens the SQL file in the interactive hex editor TUI
Load Theme From File...
Specify directory to save theme to:
Information for
Stopwatch is ready.
Stopwatch running!
New lap!
Start counting down
No such unit type:
Available unit types:
units to convert
Enter a number to convert...
You haven't entered a number to convert.
The entered number is invalid.
Can't convert unit.
To be continued...
The End
Happy new year!
Please wait while the kernel is initializing...
Please wait while the kernel is shutting down...
Unknown error!
Horse
[ENTER] Start the race | [ESC] Exit | [UP/DOWN] Move selection
Your horse won the race!
Your horse lost the race!
You're hung!
You win!
What's your bet?
You guessed it right!
You got it wrong.
But, you're unlucky. Loser.
You're lucky! Winner!
It's a draw.
Player {0} wins!
Current character:
You guessed the right word! You win!
This archive type is not supported.
Make sure to specify the path to a directory containing your lyric files in the LRC format. You can also specify a custom path to your music library folder containing the lyric files.
This lyrics file doesn't exist.
Culture isn't found.
Failed to show the calendar.
Failed to add a reminder.
Not enough arguments provided to add a reminder.
Failed to remove a reminder.
Not enough arguments provided to remove a reminder.
There is no event.
There is no reminder.
There is no contact. If you'd like to import contacts, please use the import options using the keystrokes defined at the bottom of the screen.
Some of the contacts can't be imported.
Enter path to a VCF file containing your contact. Android's contacts2.db file is also supported.
File doesn't exist. Make sure that you've written the correct path to a VCF file or to a contacts2.db file.
Enter a valid MeCard representation of your contact.
Contact MeCard syntax is invalid.
Contact MeCard syntax may not be empty
Enter regular expression to search the contacts.
There are no contacts that contains your requested expression.
Contact name
No contact name
Contact address
Contact mail
No contact mail
Contact organization
No contact organization
Contact telephone
No contact telephone
Contact URL
No contact URL
Contact geo
No contact geo
Contact IMPP
No contact IMPP
Contact nickname
No contact nickname
Contact role
No contact role
Contact title
No contact title
Contact notes
No contact notes
Enter your API key:
You can either consult the below link for the list of cities with their IDs, or, pass "-list" to this command.
Are you sure you want to delete {0}?
User
Site
No symlink info
Modified on
Blame status for file
Hunk number
Number of lines
Initial line number
Final line number
Initial commit
Commit SHA
Commit message
Commit author
Commit committer
Number of parents
Final commit
Save your work first by creating a commit before checking out a branch.
Branch doesn't exist.
You need to identify yourself before using this command. Use
to identify yourself.
Updated repository with new commit
Description for commit
General changes in
Content changes in
Remote doesn't exist.
No remotes found to pull updates from.
Status for file
Bare repository
Head detached
No reference
Shallow clone
Path to .git
Path to working directory
Commits for branch
Created a new tag! Here's your tag details:
Your local copy of the repo is up to date!
Fast forwarded to
Updated repository to
Your merge resulted in conflicts. Please resolve any of the conflicts.
You've successfully identified yourself as
No modifications are done to stage.
Staged file {0} successfully!
Failed to stage file {0}.
Status for branch {0}...
No modifications are done.
Untracked files
No untracked files.
Added files
No added files.
Modified files
No modified files.
Removed files
No removed files.
Staged files
No staged files.
Renamed staged files
No renamed staged files.
Renamed files
No renamed files.
Missing files
No missing files.
No modifications are done to unstage.
Unstaged file {0} successfully!
Failed to unstage file {0}.
Posting file {0}...
Posting string to {0}...
Uploading string to {0}...
The JSON shell failed to add an item.
Property is found in
Property is not found
Base JSON token information
Base type
Base has values
Children token count
Base path
Individual JSON token information
Token type
Token has values
Token path
Token value
Property information for
Property type
Property count
Property name
Property path
Property value
The JSON shell failed to remove an item.
The JSON shell failed to set an item.
Message {0} from {1} moved. {2} messages remaining to parse.
Attachments:
This connection contains an invalid RSS feed instance.
Unknown article title
Unfortunately, this article doesn't have any contents. You can still follow the article at
This article doesn't have a link.
Can't open the host browser to the article link.
Modified:
Enter parameter value for {0}:
SQL command succeeded. Here are the replies:
SQL command failed.
Database path:
Server version:
Connection state:
Connection string:
Database name:
Failed to add or remove a task.
Please provide a name for your task.
Failed to mark a task.
This section lists the driver settings.
Kernel driver settings
Current console driver
Which console driver would you like to use?
Current random number generator driver
Which random number generator driver would you like to use?
Current network driver
Which network driver would you like to use?
Current filesystem driver
Which filesystem driver would you like to use?
Current encryption driver
Which encryption driver would you like to use?
Current regular expression driver
Which regular expression driver would you like to use?
Current debug logger driver
Which debug logger driver would you like to use?
Current encoding driver
Which encoding driver would you like to use?
Current hardware prober driver
Which hardware prober driver would you like to use?
Current sorting driver
Which sorting driver would you like to use?
Falling line of matrix numbers.
Drop chance
Chance to drop a new falling matrix
This section lists all general kernel settings, mainly for maintaining the kernel.
General kernel settings
Language
Specifies the kernel language.
Culture
Beep on shutdown or reboot
Enables beeping upon shutting down the kernel.
Delay on shutdown or reboot
Enables delaying upon shutting down the kernel.
Console supports true color
If you are sure that the console supports true color, or if you want to change your terminal to a terminal that supports true color, change this value.
Set codepage
Set the language codepage upon switching languages.
Development notice acknowledged
If set to true, the kernel won't show you the development notice every time you boot to the kernel in development versions.
Allow loading untrusted mods
If set to true, the kernel won't error out upon loading mods that don't have the signed public key.
Use system time zone
If this option is enabled, the kernel uses the time zone from your computer settings. Else, uses the kernel-wide time zone that can be configured.
Kernel-wide time zone
The kernel-wide time zone to use
Show the license information box
Whether to show the modal license information box for three seconds after each login. It's recommended to keep it on.
This section lets you choose what type of color do you want to change.
Color settings
Use accent colors
If set to true, the theme manager populates accent colors for specific color types that the theme supports.
Foreground accent color
For themes that support accents, this is the accented foregound color.
Background accent color
For themes that support accents, this is the accented backgound color.
Use console color palette
When this is set to true, the color palette defined by the terminal is used.
Allow background color
When this is set to true, the current background color is honored. Else, it uses your terminal's default colors.
User Name Shell Color
Host Name Shell Color
Continuable Kernel Error Color
Uncontinuable Kernel Error Color
Text Color
License Color
Background Color
Input Color
List Entry Color
List Value Color
Kernel Stage Color
Error Text Color
Warning Text Color
Option Color
Banner Color
Notification Title Color
Notification Description Color
Notification Progress Color
Notification Failure Color
Question Color
Success Color
User Dollar Color
Tip Color
Separator Text Color
Separator Color
List Title Color
Development Warning Color
Stage Time Color
Progress Color
Back Option Color
Low Priority Border Color
Medium Priority Border Color
High Priority Border Color
Table Separator Color
Table Header Color
Table Value Color
Selected Option Color
Alternative Option Color
Weekend Day Color
Event Day Color
Table Title Color
Today Day Color
Interactive TUI background color
Interactive TUI foreground color
Interactive TUI pane background color
Interactive TUI pane separator color
Interactive TUI selected pane separator color
Interactive TUI selected pane item foreground color
Interactive TUI selected pane item background color
Interactive TUI pane item foreground color
Interactive TUI pane item background color
Interactive TUI option background color
Interactive TUI option foreground color
Interactive TUI option binding name color
Interactive TUI box background color
Interactive TUI box foreground color
Disabled option color
This section changes hardware probe behavior.
This section represents the login settings. Log out of your account for the changes to take effect.
Login settings
The kernel host name to communicate with the rest of the computers
Show available usernames
MOTD Path
MAL Path
Show MAL on Log-in
MOTD and Headline at the bottom of the modern logon clock
Whether to show the MOTD and the headline at the bottom or at the top of the clock
Login handler
Login handler to use for sign-in prompts.
This section lists the shell settings.
General shell settings
Group of paths separated by the colon. It works the same as PATH. Write a full path to a folder or a folder name.
Set console title on command execution
Sets console title on command execution.
Show the shell count
Prompt Preset
Text Edit Prompt Preset
Hex Edit Prompt Preset
Admin Shell Prompt Preset
Debug Shell Prompt Preset
This section lists the filesystem settings.
Filesystem settings
Makes the "cat" command print the file's line numbers.
This section lists the network settings, like the FTP shell, the network-related command settings, and the remote debug settings.
General networking settings
Debug Chat Port
Write a remote debugger chat port. It must be numeric, and must not be already used. Otherwise, remote debugger chat will fail to open the port.
Upload Retry Times
This section lists the general screensaver settings. For individual screensaver settings, exit Settings and open Screensaver Settings.
Basic screensaver settings
Screensaver
Which screensaver do you want to lock your screen with?
Enable screensaver locking when idle
If enabled, the screensaver automatically launches after idling for the specified period.
Screensaver minimum idling interval
Acknowledge the photosensitive seizure warning
If you aren't photosensitive to the fast-paced animations that some of the screensavers show you, you can disable this warning by enabling this option. Please note that we aren't responsible for the side effects that may have come from such animations. Seek a professional medical specialist for more information.
Settings that don't fit in their appropriate sections land here.
Miscellaneous settings
A character that resembles the upper right corner. Be sure to only input one character.
A character that resembles the lower right corner. Be sure to only input one character.
Shows the commands count in the command list, controlled by the count show switches for different kinds of commands.
Show the count of shell commands when listing them in the help command
Show the count of kernel modification commands when listing them in the help command
Show the count of aliased commands when listing them in the help command
Show the unified commands count on help
Show the count of unified shell commands when listing them in the help command
Show the addon commands count on help
Show the count of kernel addon commands when listing them in the help command
Enable scroll bar in selection
Enables the scroll bar in selection screens
Do Not Disturb
If Do Not Disturb is enabled, all notifications received will be suppressed from the display. This means that you won't be able to see any notification to help you focus.
Upper left corner character for general border
Upper right corner character for general border
Lower left corner character for general border
Lower right corner character for general border
Upper frame character for general border
Lower frame character for general border
Left frame character for general border
Right frame character for general border
Censor private info on debug logs
Censor private information that may be printed to the debug logs.
Display new notifications as asterisks
Shows all new notifications as asterisks. This option is ignored in notifications with progress bar.
Show file size in the file manager
Whether to show the file size in the status.
Use classic style of headers in the Settings app
This provides you an option to switch to either the modern or the classic header look of the settings application.
Default figlet font
The default figlet font for use with several areas of the kernel, including your modern login screen.
CPU usage debug enabled
If enabled, prints the CPU usage between the two intervals as specified in the CPU usage debug update interval.
CPU usage debug update interval
How many milliseconds to wait before updating the CPU usage and printing it to the debugger?
A snake game.
Shows you nice famous quotes.
Select your preferred difficulty, where 0 is easy, 1 is medium, 2 is hard, 3 is very hard, and 4 is custom.
Use PowerLine for rendering spaceship in ShipDuet
Whether to use PowerLine to render the spaceship or to use the standard greater than character. If you want to use PowerLine with ShipDuet, you need to install an appropriate font with PowerLine support.
Game speed in ShipDuet
This section lets you configure how the archive shell work.
Settings for this screensaver are available here.
This section lets you configure how the BassBoom addon works.
Lyrics Path
Sets the path to a folder containing a group of .lrc files. Write an absolute path to any existing directory.
This section lets you configure how Calendar works.
This section lets you configure how Forecast works.
This section lets you configure how the FTP shell works.
This section lets you configure how the Git shell work.
This section lets you configure how the HTTP shell works.
This section lets you configure how the JSON shell works.
JSON Shell Prompt Preset
Enable JSON editor autosave
Turns on or off the JSON editor autosave feature.
JSON editor autosave interval
This section lets you configure how the mail shell works.
Maximum number of e-mails in one page
How many e-mail messages to display in one page?
Simulates a database lookup for a random person.
This section lets you configure how the RSS shell works.
RSS Prompt Preset
This section lets you configure how the SFTP shell works.
This section lets you configure how the SQL shell works.
SQL Shell Prompt Preset
This section lets you configure how Tips works.
Show kernel tips
If enabled, the shell shows you the tips on every login.
The falling binary number in your screen.
Mixing colors and printing them to the console.
This is the disco light, one of the very first screensavers.
Color glitters across the screen.
A line that wanders around the console vertically.
Dissolves the random colors.
Shows you a colorful block that bounces across the console.
Shows you three progress bars that represent the time.
Lighting blocks.
Wipes the screen with a color.
Simple matrix.
Matrix numbers that spread randomly across the screen.
Shows you a text that bounces around the console.
Fading text in and out.
Fading background in and out.
Fading text in and out in beats.
Beat color
Simulates a person writing text with typos.
Shows you a scrolling text from the right to the left.
Simulates a person writing text for a newspaper in the linotype keyboard in the old times.
Line fill pattern type. 0 prints the known pattern of etaoin characters, 1 prints the complete pattern of etaoin characters, and 2 prints the random set of characters to rapidly fill in the line.
Simulates a person writing text perfectly.
Show arrow position
Shows the typewriter letter column position by showing an arrow on the bottom of the screen
Flashing colors in your screen.
Simulates a spotlight that seeks across your text.
Fills the ramp with gradient colors.
Stacks the boxes across the screen.
Simulates a bar that gets rotten with another background color, making a gradient.
Shows you fireworks that get launched and blow up.
Shows you a colored figlet text.
Rainbow mode
Enables the rainbow colors mode
Show you a colored flashing text.
Simulates a TV static noise.
Simple date and time in the middle of the screen.
Simulates a glitch on your screen.
Shows you a falling line that goes down and fades out.
Shows you an indeterminate progress bar.
Shows you a pulsing background.
Shows you a pulsing background in beats.
BeatPulse will select random colors if it's enabled. Otherwise, use colors from config.
Shows you a pulsing edge.
Shows you a pulsing edge in beats.
BeatEdgePulse will select random colors if it's enabled. Otherwise, use colors from config.
Shows you a screen filled with color that slowly rots itself to another color, creating gradients.
Next gradient rot interval
How many milliseconds to wait before rotting the next screen?
Shows you a gradient in your screen.
Shows you a star journey in 2D.
Changes the background according to the set colors, which simulates a siren.
Siren style
The siren style.
Spinning slashes.
Fills the console with a color like a snake.
Shows you an equalizer that shows you bass, mid, and treble.
Next Screen Delay in Milliseconds
Simulates system errors from different operating systems.
Generates colors from the random shifting.
Shows you a text that fades out and flashes in beats.
ExcaliBeats will select random colors if it's enabled. Otherwise, use colors from config.
Explicit mode
Explicitly change the text to Excalibur
Trance mode
Trance mode - Multiplies the BPM by 2 to simulate the trance music style
Shows you a group of waves in bars.
Frequency Level
The level of the frequency. This is the denominator of the Pi value in mathematics.
Shows you a wave that generates itself and advances.
Gives you a mesmerizing feel.
Simulates the aurora borealis.
Shows you a striking lightning.
Strike Probability
Chance, in percent, to strike
Shows you a slowly changing background color.
Dark colors
Whether to use the dark colors or light colors.
Color steps
How many color steps for transitioning between two colors?
Shows you a word and its hash sum.
Shows you a fading square in four corners.
How many milliseconds to wait before fading the square out?
Scatters the number across the whole screen.
Gives you a box pattern.
Falling line of colors.
Chance to drop a new falling color
Shows you a simple text.
Shows you a simple text in a text box.
Shows you a word that writes slowly and its hash sum.
Simulates a siren that uses your theme as a set of colors.
Siren style from kernel theme
Shows you a group of stars in the ship's front view.
Shows you a group of speckles in the ship's front view.
Shows you a scattering letter across the whole screen.
Shows you multiple lines.
Shows you laser beams.
Shows you a text that wanders across the console.
Swiveling wave horizontally and vertically to make great patterns.
Horizontal Frequency Level
The level of the horizontal frequency. This is the denominator of the Pi value in mathematics. Use this to create beautiful wavy swivels!
Vertical Frequency Level
The level of the vertical frequency. This is the denominator of the Pi value in mathematics. Use this to create beautiful wavy swivels!
Simulates door opening and closing.
Shows you a dynamically-changing gradient.
A comet is on the sky running quickly.
The diamond that shines.
Changing background color according to increasing hue. Rainbow!
Color hue saturation
How intense is the color?
How light is the color?
Changing background color according to increasing hue. More Rainbow!
Colorful particles!
Particle density
How dense are the particles?
Refreshes required before changing time zone
How many refreshes before the time zone is changed?
Fills the whole screen block by block and then fades it out.
Shows you dancing lines.
Generates nice mazes using the Kruskal's algorithm.
New Maze Delay in Milliseconds
Generation Speed
Maze generation speed in milliseconds
Highlight uncovered positions
If enabled, highlights the non-covered positions with the gray background color. Otherwise, they render as boxes.
Use Schwartzian Transform
If enabled, this screensaver uses Schwartzian's transform to shuffle the maze edges. Otherwise, it uses the plain method of transformation.
Two groups of dots spinning across the two halves of the console.
Celebrates the commit milestone each 1000th commit.
Shows you spraying stars.
Two lines swapping their colors across the screen.
Simple splash screen.
A splash screen that shows you progress.
A splash screen that shows you progress using the PowerLine text.
Current input driver
Which input driver would you like to use?
Migrate old configuration
Migrates some of your old configuration from older versions of the kernel
Configuration migration may not have been completed successfully. If you're sure that your configuration files are valid, investigate the debug logs for more info.
Select your language.
Enter your new username. You should enter a new username that doesn't already exist.
Enter your user password. You should choose a strong password for increased security.
Automatic Update Check
Yes, I do!
No, thanks.
Starting or stopping mods not allowed on safe mode.
There was an unknown kernel error, possibly due to either the kernel exception type not being specified or something was wrong.
The kernel networking has reported an error for the hostname component.
Invalid RSS feed. Ensure that you've referenced the feed correctly and try again.
Invalid RSS feed link. Ensure that you've entered the link correctly and try again.
Invalid RSS feed type. Ensure that you've entered the feed type correctly and try again.
Permission denied trying to perform an operation. You'll need to log in as a user that has the necessary permissions in order to be able to perform this operation.
There was an error when trying to perform an operation for the environment management.
There was an error when trying to process a bootloader operation.
There was an error when trying to process an alarm system operation.
There was an error when trying to process a widget system operation. If you're sure that this widget is registered properly, please make sure that you've written the widget class name properly.
Additional errors were not found during the operation.
Checking for multiple installed environments
Multiple environments
Child thread index number is invalid.
Alarm name
Alarm description
Alarm due date
Write the alarm name
Alarm name is not specified.
Write the alarm interval in this format
Alarm interval is either not specified or is invalid.
File type
Notification importance
Progress percentage
Progress completed
Progress is indeterminate
Progress state
Notification title
Reporter didn't provide any info!
Execute
Logout
Shell
Switch
File Manager
Alarm Manager
Notifications
Task Manager
About Nitrocid
Hi, {0}! Welcome to Nitrocid!
Enable headlines on login to show RSS feeds
Settings
Nitrocid KS simulates our future kernel, the Nitrocid Kernel.
Mod API
The Nitrocid Homepage has crashed and needs to revert back to the shell.
Unknown screen number.
Failed to render the logon screen.
Investigate the debug logs for more information about the error.
To dismiss forever, either press ENTER on your keyboard, or enable "Development notice acknowledged" in the kernel settings. Any other key goes ahead without acknowledgement.
You're running Nitrocid KS on an unusual environment. Please verify that you've started the kernel directly. If you're sure that you've started the kernel in a usual way, it might be because you're running an unsupported version of Nitrocid KS.
Extras - Name Generator
Extras - Pastebin
Extras - Images
Extras - Enhanced SHA256
Extras - Enhanced SHA384
Extras - Enhanced SHA512
Extras - Stocks
Extras - Beep Synth
Extras - SSH
GRILO has experienced an internal error
Press any key to exit.
Standard controls
Controls defined by custom boot style
No controls defined by custom boot style
Selects the previous boot entry
Selects the next boot entry
Selects the first boot entry
Selects the last boot entry
Opens this help page
Boots the selected entry
Environment is not specified
Alarm date and time may not be in the past.
Consult the help entry for this command for more info
This command has the below arguments that change how it works:
Unspecified argument description
Lists all available function parameters from a function
Manage your alarms
Restarts a remote kernel instance
The kernel in the remote instance will be shut down
Uses the legacy settings style
Shows all received notifications in an interactive TUI
Widget is not provided.
Widget already exists.
Widget name is not provided.
Widget doesn't exist.
Widget can't be removed.
Widget is not a built-in widget.
Boot app name is not specified
Boot app environment is not specified
Boot app already exists
Boot app doesn't exist
Select boot entry
SHIFT + H for help. Version
Booting {0}...
List of function parameters for
Alarm already exists.
Alarm interval is invalid.
Alarm name and interval is not specified.
Alarm doesn't exist.
Alarm name:
Alarm description:
Alarm due date:
The frequency is invalid. Make sure that you've correctly written the frequency in hertz.
The duration is invalid. Make sure that you've correctly written the duration in milliseconds.
Encoded as string
You've entered the power action menu. Please enter a choice using the left and the right arrow keys and press ENTER, or press ESC to go back to the main screen.
Windows Boot Manager
ENTER=Choose
Choose an operating system to start, or press TAB to select a tool:
To specify an advanced option for this choice, press F8.
Seconds until the highlighted choice will be started automatically:
GNU GRUB  version 2.06
Use the  and  keys to select which entry is highlighted.
Press enter to boot the selected OS, `e' to edit the commands
before booting or `c' for a command line.
The highlighted entry will be executed automatically in {0}s.
Press enter to boot the selected OS, `e' to edit the
commands before booting or `c' for a command line.
Booting '{0}'
Filesystem type is
partition type
Hit any key to cancel timeout
Use arrow keys to make selection
Enter choice & options, hit CR to boot
Please select the operating system to start
Use the up and down arrow keys to move the highlight to your choice.
Press ENTER to choose.
For troubleshooting and advanced startup options for Windows, press F8.
Continue
Select boot entry:
Uses the common word list.
Uses the complete word list.
The ping-pong game!
Reads a beep synth file
Converts the source color model to the target color model in numbers.
Converts the source color model to the target color model in KS format.
Converts the source color model to hex.
Converts the source color model using the color specifier to the target color model.
Converts the source color model using the color specifier to the target color model in KS format.
Converts the source color model using the color specifier to the target color model in hex.
Lists your contacts
Loads your contacts
Imports your contacts
Treats the required input as MeCard string
Gets contact information
Shows weather info for specified city. Uses The Weather Channel from IBM.
Weather info in an interactive TUI
Shows all the available cities and their latitude/longitude pairs
Previews an image
Makes a new language in an interactive TUI
Pastes the content of either a file or a string to a text hosting provider
Specifies the URL to the Pastebin provider
Specifies the Pastebin provider type
Specifies the Pastebin provider post page
Specifies the Pastebin provider post format
Specifies the Pastebin provider post field name
Gets an hourly stock information
Short company symbol
Makes a new theme in an interactive TUI
that you can make bootable programs using your kernel mods?
Station type
Beep synth file doesn't exist.
Chapter name
Synth representation is invalid.
Frequency is invalid.
Duration is invalid.
Can't get synth info from the provided representation.
Model specification is invalid.
Black key level:
The first color level must be numeric.
The second color level must be numeric.
The third color level must be numeric.
The fourth key level must be numeric.
-- Weather info --
Latitude and Longitude
Cloud cover
Time of day
Minimum temperature
Maximum temperature
Precipitation chance
Precipitation type
Heat index
Wind chill
Ultraviolet index
Ultraviolet description
Path to the image is not provided.
Image file doesn't exist.
Specify either a file name or text to upload.
Pastebin provider type is not supported.
Successfully pasted to the provider!
Unable to paste to the provider.
Searches the feed library for a feed
Enter your AlphaVantage API key
Please provide your API key.
Demonstration API key can't be used.
Your API key should be 16 characters long.
An error occurred while fetching the stocks data. Additional information can be found here
Opening stock price
High stock price
Low stock price
Closing stock price
Stock volume
API Key is required. Configure from the settings.
No stock data available.
Copy Color To...
Select the source color type to copy the color from.
Select the target color types to copy the source color type, {0}, to.
Color type
Color
Color name
Color hex
Color brightness
Choose how do you want to save this theme
Choose how do you want to load a theme
Score
Nitrocid KS Release Anniversary
Ramadan
No contacts.
Contact number is invalid.
Contact number is out of range.
First name
Last name
Contact Geo
Contact note
Some of the contacts can't be listed.
Enter the city latitude and longitude.
You can get your own API key by consulting the IBM website for guidance.
Loading weather info from geographical location
Weather condition
Temperature
Wind speed
Wind direction
Humidity rate
Latitude
Longitude
Enter a city name to search.
There are no cities by this name. If you are trying to search for a specific city, try searching for a broader location that is closest to the city that you're looking for.
Select a city from the list below. The two numbers represent geographical locations.
Enter city latitude.
Enter city longitude.
Latitude is invalid.
Longitude is invalid.
You can get your own API key by consulting the IBM website for guidance. Enter The Weather Channel API key.
The Weather Channel API key is not provided. If you need help, consult the IBM website.
Current asymmetric encoding driver
Which asymmetric encoding driver would you like to use?
Bootloader style
Select a bootloader style to match your preference.
Bootloader default selection timeout
Bootloader default selection
Enable 'The Nitrocid Homepage'
Enables 'The Nitrocid Homepage' that allows you to see what's happening in a glance.
Interactive TUI builtin key binding background color
Interactive TUI builtin key binding foreground color
Interactive TUI builtin key binding name color
Enable widgets
Enables the widgets in the modern logon handler and all the handlers that use the widget API.
First widget
First widget for the modern logon handler. You can configure this widget in its respective settings entry.
Second widget
Second widget for the modern logon handler. You can configure this widget in its respective settings entry.
Mouse support
Whether to initialize the mouse support for the kernel or not, essentially enabling all mods to handle the mouse pointer.
Mouse movement support
Whether to also enable the movement events or not, improving the user experience of some interactive applications.
Analog clock with a simple date and time in the bottom of the screen.
Show seconds hand
Whether to show the seconds hand or not.
Display date
Whether to show the date or not.
Shows an emoji in the middle of the screen.
Enable Emoticon Cycling
Whether to cycle between emoticons
Emoticon
Emoticon to show
This section lets you configure how the SSH works.
Username prompt style for SSH
Add new connections to SSH speed dial
If enabled, adds a new connection to the SSH speed dial.
This section lets you configure the stocks.
API key
Key for the AlphaVantage Stocks API
Company code
Stocks company
Simulates a hypothetical malfunctioning black screen with RGB lines sometimes appearing.
Glitch Probability
Chance, in percent, for the screen glitch to occur
Sort logically
Sorts the list alphanumerically if enabled or alphabetically if disabled.
Failed to populate default theme
There is no theme metadata defined.
Can't deserialize metadata.
This encoding should be initialized.
Directory info is not specified.
File info is not specified.
General network transfer failure
Hex file is not open yet.
Text file is not open yet.
Handler for extension is not specified.
Failed to obtain default handler
Loading default handlers failed.
Select
Copy
Move
Delete
Up
Info
Go To
Rename
New Folder
Hash...
Verify...
Preview
Preview Selected
Open
Can't check configuration variables when the kernel config is not specified.
Can't get base settings schema.
Can't get settings entries.
Failed to obtain driver settings entries.
Failed to obtain main settings entries.
Failed to obtain screensaver settings entries.
Failed to obtain widget settings entries.
Failed to get alias information
There is nothing to select from.
Can't get type from
Set
Save
Save as
Load from
Reload
Migrate
Settings entries are not found.
Checks for system updates (requires an active Internet connection).
Shows you basic system information (more info available in the 'sysinfo' command).
Can't get section
Remote debug device doesn't seem to exist.
Can't get remote debug devices from
Can't open the English localization resource
Can't open the localization resource for
Failed to get entry point.
Tests the buttons in the informational box (titled)
Tests the colored input box in the informational box (titled)
Tests the input box in the informational box (titled)
Tests the input multiple selection style in the informational box (titled)
Tests the input selection style in the informational box (large number of items to test scrolling and paging)
Tests the input multiple selection style in the informational box (large number of items to test scrolling and paging)
Tests the input multiple selection style in the informational box (large number of items to test scrolling and paging) (titled
Tests the input selection style in the informational box (large number of items to test scrolling and paging) (titled
Tests the input selection style in the informational box (titled
Tests the input selection style (large number of items to test scrolling and paging)
Tests the input multiple selection style (large number of items to test scrolling and paging)
Can't get frame
Can't get method
A regular expression error happened while the text is being processed. Check your regular expression syntax and try again. If the time-out occurred, ensure that you don't recurse too much (don't be greedy).
The homepage tools has encountered an error when trying to process your request. Please make sure that you've entered all the necessary data correctly.
Unfortunately, the last failure is unknown, so we don't exactly know what went wrong. However, it could be helpful if you've consulted the kernel debug logs.
Can't get field info for
Can't get journal entries
(Use the arrow keys to highlight your choice, then press ENTER.)
GNU GRUB  version 0.97  (638K lower / 1046784K upper memory)
Remote debug failed to start for unknown reasons.
Thread can't be regenerated
Failed to load language resource for
Can't get localized text
Can't get English localizations
Can't get English text
Language token must be specified
Can't get language metadata
Can't get language metadata array
MIME metadata (extended)
Handler is registered but somehow failed to get an extension handler for
Can't get settings entries
Can't set settings entry
Can't save settings
Can't load settings
Can't reload settings
Can't migrate settings
Can't check for updates
Can't get system information
Screensaver instance is not specified
Splash thread parameters are not specified
Can't determine mod version
Unknown loader exception
Can't load mod localizations
Can't get method from the last two frames.
About
Action name is not specified.
Action is not specified.
Action already exists.
Action doesn't exist.
Built-in action can't be removed.
Copy To
Move to
Hash
Verify
Add
Dismiss
Dismiss All
Kill
Copyright (C) 2018-2025 Aptivi - All rights reserved
Can't get argument info for command or argument
Thread parameters are not specified.
Can't get thread parameters for process execution.
Can't get internal field for environment variables
Can't get shell executor for
Shows general commands (default)
Changes the user's full name (display name)
Shows the main buffer that was on the screen before starting Nitrocid KS (Unix systems only)
Can't obtain addons package.
Can't get user info for the system user
Can't get user info for
Restarts Nitrocid with the elevated permissions (Windows only)
Can't deserialize group info array
Can't deserialize group info
Can't set root account.
You don't have permission to request a reboot or a shutdown.
Can't deserialize the user info array
Can't deserialize the user info instance
Failed to get user
Failed to get current user
Can't get necessary data to initialize this addon.
Failed to load language metadata
Failed to deserialize language metadata
Failed to load language metadata for
Failed to deserialize language metadata for
Edit
Remove All
Load
Notes
Failed to obtain settings entries.
that Nitrocid (Kernel Simulator 0.0.2) called the built-in shell the 'UESH' shell?
that the screensavers were touted to be a solution against screen burn-ins in cathode ray-tube (CRT) or plasma displays?
Horse Racing
Hangman
Meteor Dodge
Meteor Shooter
Pong
Ship Duet
Snaker
Wordle
Wordle (original)
Unknown quote.
Unknown author.
Can't get archive entries
Archive is not loaded yet.
Can't determine current archive directory.
Calendar
No reminders found for the selected day
No events found for the selected day
Contacts
Delete All
Import
Import From
Search
Search Next
Search Back
Raw Info
Import From MeCard
Add Manually
Can't get day part array
Can't get day part
Can't get a list of tasks
Timer
Stopwatch
No laps yet...
Lap list
Generate nametags (umlauts are currently not supported)
Convert...
Unit Converter
Internet Radio (FM) info for
Can't get internet radio information.
Change...
Save...
Load...
Copy...
Translate
Luminance (Lightness):
The last shell is not this shell to detach from.
The client is not populated.
There is no FTP client yet.
Client is not connected yet.
Can't get IMAP server configuration
Can't get SMTP server configuration
Client is not connected yet
Read More
Refresh
There is no article.
There is no feed.
Can't get connection
The file stream is not open yet.
JSON file is not open yet.
Can't get stock information.
SSH is connected but with no client.
Shows the shell count in the normal UESH shell (depending on the preset)
Minimum idling interval to launch screensaver. The unit is in time span format (HH:MM:SS).
The default theme for the kernel
Accents everywhere!
Colorless, fuming, and highly corrosive liquid
This section lets you configure how the contacts addon works.
Show profile pictures
If enabled, shows contact images. Disabled by default to prevent misuse and for performance reasons.
Select your preferred unit for temperature (this only applies to the "weather" command). 1 is Kelvin, 2 is Metric, and 3 is Imperial.
Color hue luminance (lightness)
Purple harmony
This is the Android mascot color in the foreground
Our branding harmony
Dark version of a popular VIM theme, Ayu
Light version of a popular VIM theme, Ayu
Mirage version of a popular VIM theme, Ayu
This is the first day of the new school year
Lightest terminal possible
This is the black rose
Color scheme for Breeze, a KDE Plasma 5 theme
Popular color scheme for IDEs, like IntelliJ
It's time to go back to the dark side.
Color schemes for Debian
The vivid default theme for the kernel
Background accents in your kernel!
More accents everywhere!
Use if you are a fan of EDM
Fire shades
Your epic golden palace on dark blue background
Grape and Kiwi mixed together
Color scheme for grapes
Vivid and plastered green, blue, and purple colors
Greenify your environment, greenify your kernel. Make Earth greener!
We've added green and red as colors.
Green and pink mixed together
One of the known terminal color schemes
Green text on gray
Traditional Indian colors right in your console.
Make your terminal full of lemon acid
Light wood planks
Standard Linux terminal colors
Gray terminal
Some Material Design text on your terminal
Shades of orange and brown
Melange theme inspired by the VIM theme of the same name
Make your terminal full of mint
Color palette from Mirai Kuriyama from Beyond the Boundary.
A theme inspired by a VIM theme of the same name
Do you like neon blue and pink?
This theme should be neutral to you.
This is your night sky at the beginning of the night!
October is coming soon, so get ready!
The sea of orange
Phosphoric terminal that turns everything to orange
Gives you a breeze of red.
A bloody red console
Sakura trees will give you some Chinese breeze
All teal colors
A theme for technology lovers
Trance music fan? This is the theme for you!
Color schemes from a popular Linux operating system, Ubuntu
Gives you a perfect Vice City vibe
This is your Vice City dawn.
Color scheme for Visual Studio, one of the most powerful IDEs
Color scheme for Windows 11, a recent version of Windows
Bring back nostalgia with this theme!
Your terminal consists of wood planks
Inspired from the Chinese pattern of different fruits
Extras - CRC32C (Castagnoli)
Can't wipe debug files
We'll no longer support this version of Nitrocid KS after this date
Make sure that you upgrade to the supported version soon if you want to continue receiving support.
This version of Nitrocid KS is no longer supported.
Failed to load custom languages
Failed to load important kernel addons
Failed to load privacy consents
Failed to load splash
Failed to load important mods
Failed to load remote debug devices
There were errors when trying to initialize essential components.
Failed to load notification thread
Failed to load cancellation handler
Failed to load aliases
Failed to load speed dial entries
Failed to load environment variables
Failed to load alarm listener
Failed to load MOTD and MAL
Failed to load shell command histories
Failed to load extension handlers
There were errors when trying to initialize optional components.
Failed to reset general variables
Failed to save shell command histories
Failed to save privacy consents
Failed to stop remote debugger
Failed to reset languages
Failed to save extension handlers
Failed to stop alarm listener
Failed to save configuration
Failed to stop mods
Failed to stop addons
Failed to stop RPC
Failed to close all connections
Failed to stop screensaver timeout
Failed to reset boot log buffer
Failed to stop the cursor handler
Failed to stop the debugger
Failed to stop all kernel threads
There were errors when trying to reset components.
Exception
Consult the kernel debug logs for more info.
Unspecified switch description
Path to a process
Arguments to pass to a process
Command to show help entry
Target command to execute upon building argument based on the source command output
Command to wrap its output
Argument to show help entry
Session number starting from zero
User name to query
Permission type to grant or to deny
False to deny, true to grant
New display name, or 'clear' to erase the display name
Three-letter language ID, or 'clear' to clear preferred language
Invalid session GUID
No such session GUID
Session GUID to find
Exception number
Field name to query
Property name to query
Addon name to query
Function name from the public static type to query
Splash name to query
Byte number ranging from 0 to 255
Byte position number
Byte starting position number
Byte ending position number
Byte number ranging from 0 to 255 to be replaced
Byte number ranging from 0 to 255 to replace with
Content to add at the end of the file
Character number
Line number
Line number (either singular or start of the range)
Line number ending range
Word or phrase to be deleted
A character to query
Line number (either singular or start of the range), or 'all' to query a character in all lines
A word or phrase to query
A regular expression to query
A word or phrase to be replaced
A word or phrase to replace with
Line number (either singular or start of the range), or 'all' to replace in all lines
A regular expression to match phrases that are to be replaced
New group name to add
New user name to add
New password to use
Confirm the new password
User name to be added to the group
Group name to add the user to
Starts the alarm
Alarm interval in a time span in hours, minutes, and seconds
Stops the alarm
Alarm name to stop
Lists the alarms
Adds an alias
Shell type to fetch commands from
Alias name
Command to be used as a shortcut
Removes an alias
Frequency in Hz
Time interval for a single beep
IP address to block
Target directory
Search pattern
New name to rename all found files to
Path to file to print its contents
Path to file
Either addition or removal
Attribute name
New host name to change to
Language ID
New message to use
Answers to split with a slash
Question to print to the screen
First answer title
Second answer title, and so on...
User name to change password
Current user password
Old username to change
New username to use
First input text file
Second input text file
Third input text file, and so on...
Output file
Source input text file
Target input text file
Path to text file
Source file or directory
Target file or directory
Path to encoded file
Encoded string representation
Encoded BASE64 string
Path to directory
IP address to disconnect
Disk number
Notification number
Change a driver
Target driver type
Target driver to change to
List drivers
List driver types
String to print
File to encode
String to encode
Regular expression to find a file
Link to a remote resource, such as HTTPS
Kernel configuration name
Variable to get info
File extension
Encoding algorithm
Hardware type
UESH expression to test
Command to execute upon successful evaluation
Path to directory for the left pane
Path to directory for the right pane
Reloads, loads, or unloads a custom language
Custom language name
Lists or reloads all custom languages
Path to UESH script
Path to directory to list
Directory name to create
File name to create
Directory or name to move from
Directory or name to move to
Partition number
File name to lookup
User name
Either allow or revoke
Permission name to grant or deny
Group name
First IP address or host name
Second IP address or host name, and so on...
Path to file to upload
URL pointing to the upload endpoint
Host name that runs Nitrocid KS
Port of Nitrocid KS on the remote target
Command to execute remotely
Target directory or file
User name to remove
Group name to remove
User name to remove from group
Group name to remove user from
Either the screensaver name or 'random'
Regular expression to search
Target file
Word or phrase to search
Value to set
Configuration variable name
Implementer name
First value
Second value
Third value, and so on...
Time zone name
Interval to sleep
Command to run
Encryption algorithm
Input file to calculate the hash sum
Output file to save hash sum info
Text to get hash sum
Symbolic link name
Target file to create a shortcut from
Theme name
IP address to unblock
Variable name
Path to ZIP file
Target path to extract
Calculated hash
Hash file or expected hash
File to test
ZIP file name to create
Path to compress
Note contents to add
Note number
Path to a directory with Git repository
Line number starting range
Branch name
Commit summary
Commit SHA hash
Remote name
Tag name
Message to annotate the tag with
Your e-mail
Your username
Path to unstaged file
Path to staged file
Path to archive file
Local directory
Directory inside the archive
File in the archive
Local directory to extract to
Local file
Archive directory to add to
Opens the calendar interactive TUI
Target year
Target month number
Interaction with the events
Adds an event
Target date
Removes an event
Event ID
Lists all events
Saves all the events
Interaction with the reminders
Target date and time
Removes a reminder
Reminder ID
Lists all reminders
Saves all reminders
Either a path to a vCard contact file or a MeCard represnetation
Contact number
Latitude to use
Longitude to use
Weather.com API key
City ID or city name known to OpenWeatherMap
OpenWeatherMap API key
Whether to add, remove, mark as done, or unmark as done on a task
Whether to list, save, or load all tasks
Pomodoro timer
Pomodoro timer is ready
Pomodoro timer number {0} in four iterations
Short break
Specify the break timeout in milliseconds
Set break interval
Word to define
Search term
Name prefix to search
Name suffix to search
Surname prefix to search
Surname suffix to search
How many names to generate?
Unit type
Quantity in the source unit to convert
Source unit
Target unit
Path to the lyric file
Path to an MP3 file
Host name that hosts the MPEG radio station
Port to the MPEG radio station
Mathematical expression
Real number
Imaginary number
Celebrating the 7,000th commit since 0.0.1!
left until the next year
Theme name to create
Path to translations directory
Done! Please use the Nitrocid.Locales application with appropriate arguments to finalize the languages. You can use this path:
Source color model
Target color model
First number
Second number
Third number
Fourth number
Color specifier
Date and time to print info from
Either specify a number of seconds or a drink name
FTP server to connect to
Path to remote file
Path to local directory
Path to remote directory
Path to remote file to delete
Server command to execute
Creates a local directory
Creates a remote directory
Path to source file or directory
Path to target file or directory
Path to local file
Permission numbers according to chmod
Specifies whether the transfer type is ASCII or Binary
Header key
Header value
HTTP request
File to upload
String to upload
User agent string
E-mail address to login to
Mail directory name
Page number
Message ID
Sender name
Old mail directory name
New mail directory name
SFTP server to connect to
RSS feed link
Feed number
Phrase to search
First JSON file
Second JSON file
Path to JSON file
Path to output JSON file
JSON value to add
JSON property name
Object path
JSON value
Dock name
Path to a file or a string to write
Pastebin arguments
Path to image file
Path to the synth file
SSH server to connect to
Username to authenticate with
Command to remotely execute
Unified delay
If true, enables unified writing delay for all screensavers. Otherwise, it uses screensaver-specific configured delay values.
This section lets you configure how the timer application works.
This section lets you configure how the pomodoro timer application works.
Enable Figlet for the pomodoro timer
If enabled, will use figlet for the pomodoro timer. Please note that it needs a big console screen in order to render the time properly with Figlet enabled.
Figlet font for the pomodoro timer
Shows you text below a line in a glooming red background.
Random characters that spread randomly across the screen.
Simple date and time in the middle of the screen and changes the color based on the current time.
Bright date and time
Whether to use bright or dark version.
Shows you dancing numbers.
Swiveling wave horizontally and vertically to make great patterns with trails left behind to disappear.
Trail Length
The trail length of the moving swiveling wave.
Block moving in a wave pattern with green rulers tracking its position.
Shows you a single random character in a colored figlet text.
Shows you a word that is being selected just like a slot machine found in casinos.
Shows you a colored figlet text alternating between two neon colors: cyan and fuchsia.
Which culture is being used to change the month names, calendar, etc.?
Maximum background color level
Maximum background color level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255.
Maximum line color level
Maximum line color level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255.
Maximum text color level
Maximum text color level. The minimum accepted value is 0 and the maximum accepted value is 255.
Use the system culture
Whether the screensaver uses the culture set by the main kernel settings or by this screensaver settings.
Information text for first
Write how your information text for the current hour shows. {0} for current hour out of 24 first.
Upper left corner character for the first bar
Upper right corner character for the first bar
Lower left corner character for the first bar
Lower right corner character for the first bar
Upper frame character for the first bar
Lower frame character for the first bar
Left frame character for the first bar
Right frame character for the first bar
Color of First Bar
Minimum red color level for first
Minimum green color level for first
Minimum blue color level for first
Minimum color level for first
Maximum red color level for first
Maximum green color level for first
Maximum blue color level for first
Maximum color level for first
Information text for second
Write how your information text for the current minute shows. {0} for current minute out of 60 second.
Upper left corner character for the second bar
Upper right corner character for the second bar
Lower left corner character for the second bar
Lower right corner character for the second bar
Upper frame character for the second bar
Lower frame character for the second bar
Left frame character for the second bar
Right frame character for the second bar
Color of Second Bar
Minimum red color level for second
Minimum green color level for second
Minimum blue color level for second
Minimum color level for second
Maximum red color level for second
Maximum green color level for second
Maximum blue color level for second
Maximum color level for second
Upper left corner character for the third bar
Upper right corner character for the third bar
Lower left corner character for the third bar
Lower right corner character for the third bar
Upper frame character for the third bar
Lower frame character for the third bar
Left frame character for the third bar
Right frame character for the third bar
Information text for third
Write how your information text for the current second shows. {0} for current second out of 60 third.
Color of Third Bar
Minimum red color level for third
Minimum green color level for third
Minimum blue color level for third
Minimum color level for third
Maximum red color level for third
Maximum green color level for third
Maximum blue color level for third
Maximum color level for third
Progresses will select random colors if it's enabled. Otherwise, use colors from config.
If color cycling is enabled, how many ticks before changing colors in Progresses? 1 tick = 0.5 third
Done! Please use the Nitrocid.Locales application with appropriate arguments to finalize the languages. You can use this path:
Kernel configuration will not work properly. The invalid keys are
Trying to register a custom setting with invalid content. The invalid keys are
Trying to register a base setting with invalid content. The invalid keys are
Adds a mod to the blacklist
Removes a mod from the blacklist
These configuration entries have invalid variables or enumerations and need to be fixed:
Starts all mods
Print a separator to console with color
Print a separator to console with formatting and color
Reloads all mods
Stats
Shows the current test statistics
Test All
Tests all facades
Goes back to the section selection
Choose a test facade to run
This test contains optional parameters. Enter the value of the parameter to add to the test parameters.
Parameters count
Yes!
Retry
Did the test run as expected?
The test failed. Expected value is {0}, but actual value is {1}.
The test failed unexpectedly.
Successful tests:
Failed tests:
Tests to be run:
Can't obtain list of functions
Can't obtain list of properties
Can't obtain list of fields
Based on your language settings on your system, the appropriate language is
Failed to load finalize addons
Kernel modifications
Selected '{0}'. Press ESC to exit and confirm selection.
Variable {0} is not found on any of the modules.
The method type is not defined in the base Nitrocid type list.
Can't execute custom property with non-existent mod
Can't execute custom field with non-existent mod
Easily fetches the debug log information using the session number
Yes, set it!
No, don't set it.
Uses the system language settings to try to infer the language from
There is no property info for
Pomodoro Timer
Invalid profile selection.
Change Culture when Switching Languages
When switching languages, change the month names, calendar, etc.
Which variant of the current language is being used to change the month names, calendar, etc.?
Timeout in seconds to boot to the default selection.
Default boot entry selection. This number is zero-based, so the first element is index 0, and so on.
This section lists the shell preset settings.
Shell preset settings
Wrap list outputs
Wraps the list outputs if it seems too long for the current console geometry.
This section lets you configure how the amusements work.
